Are you involved in the legal system at all ? No . no doubt . Yeah t_laugh
how about the Oak Ridge Boys . Very much so . Right down there . That's certainly where her roots are .
do you want me to go first ? Sure . Okay If you're having a dinner party what would you serve ?
Well Kathleen do you believe that there is a problem with our public school system ? I certainly do . t_empty t_empty
have you ever used those ? yeah t_con they all come out . the gets cooler when the sun sets
What about you ? I listen to a wide variety of music . I haven't paid much attention to most of the current music . -- and some of the pieces that have been around a while .
What age if you don't mind me asking . Well I'm thirty-one . what do you think are the major social changes ? t_empty
Now if you just lose one election ? No t_con they have been more s- in Oklahoma with having this program that you vote or you lose it . I've just lost a train of thought that I had .
does that stay pretty constant there It's gets cold at night and then warm in the afternoons . Well that sounds pretty good . all right .
t_con they were all real close ? Yeah . t_laugh Six years . What was the age difference between the youngest and the oldest ?
t_con what does the foliage look like ? Does it fit that - I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue . Which I would not liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better . And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color . With little purple spots that it will fade into a solid purple . what color is yours blooming ?
I wonder what if you take medicine if that would effect it . see that's - -- they can test me all I want . Yeah .
Why ? Well if you took half the money that they would spend in the state of Texas for health insurance and gave it to qualified students to so they could become doctors the problem would go away . Why ? Do you ?
is Coppell a nice area to live ? it's a wonderful place to live Yeah That's what we'd like to do .
what subjects have you talked about ? Let's see I haven't talked before . t_con I decided to do it t_laugh  .
Is he good with family ? He is . He's kind of stocky shorter and stockier . t_con he's not a real tall dog for a Golden Retriever .
Well they didn't have a since of risk . No t_con they were like well we have a hundred thousand dollars insurance on it . t_con I think that's kind of why they were making the riskier loans
The open office ? Uh-huh Something that I feel is a is Uh-huh .
are you suggesting then that if I have to go and do something for the country for two years that the country will compensate me in some way . t_empty Yeah giving for a couple years of their lives or a honestly purely giving but some sort of equitable exchange then at least the country would have gotten two years from them where they would have given something to the country instead of take away all their lives .
So are you going to go for your Doctorate ? Probably not . t_con I don't lose any sleep over stuff like that . You know .
Do you all have a budget ? Well yeah Huh . Thanks .
A little bit easier to have cats in this kind of country though isn't it Maybe it is t_con they've kind of taken over uh-huh .
do you know what I mean . Right . Well that one does seem out of it though because it's we- you're allowed to show their character t_con I'm sure that there are some reasons for good .
What did you have before you bought that . I had a Buick Regal . Yeah . I hadn't heard that .
Well can we ask you whatever happened to Clyde ? Well yeah he liked that . It was really a of things that were fresh sprigs you know
You just didn't say which Christmas right t_laugh  . That's what I keep telling this person I started a project t_aside t_laugh that I swore I was going to finish for somebody for Christmas . I know
What time is it now where you are ? about twenty after four . I can't talk on th- much later than now between sort of like six five thirty and six thirty or something like that because the traffic outside they honk the horn so loud I can't even hear the phone call . t_con it'll be interesting how much of it actually gets picked up .
So interesting political trends or events Uh-huh . t_empty t_empty
Do you know anyone that's read it ? Huh-uh . Me either . t_con when it came out all I heard was just how bad it was that I didn't even want to get it .
Are you a young person ? Well I'm thirty-one . You sound very young . It's really -
Is that what this target is Do you all have Target stores up there ? Get a pamphlet t_con you could start your own anyway .
did you use to live around here ? Redwood City . -- stand up there . # Oh . #
t_con don't they go into other countries and stuff ? t_empty Yeah . It's still in existence .
You work at T I ? I do . Thanks a lot . Yeah .
basically is your motive simply health or because you enjoy it ? Well it's really both . t_con I do . we're within walking distance of stores and shops
Well how do you all communicate ? Like to plan it and every thing . Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it the rest of them are within you know a couple hours drive . I got a sister over in Washington State  .
Do you musical are you a musician at all ? I basically have a wide range of musical likes . t_con I like new age stuff .
t_laugh What about the blues or something like that ? blues are okay . it just doesn't do anything . playing it
what magazines do you have at home ? I am currently taking DECORATIVE WOODWORKING and COUNTRY LIVING Well how about you it's wonderful snow t_laugh  .
-- isn't that too bad . We really could use a little positive motivation -- Yeah . -- isn't it --
You're not ridged right ? Yeah You're more fun though see . t_con I wish I was more the other way .
what do you think could be done about it ? the only way it can change is if everybody bands together . Yeah . I'll tell you that .
like what ? like THE GRADUATE by Steinbeck . I'll read some classic too . Okay .
well any other comments . not that I can think of . Okay t_con that's just kind of part of it .
Any handicrafts ? No Excuse me . Any handicrafts ?
Do you ski ? I ski yes . Uh-huh . Do you go to school ?
Are you a golfer ? No . just so we don't been able to take really . - Traffic not much else we do for vacation really
it's usually beautiful up there isn't it ? Uh-huh . Yeah we did for a time .
t_con is it all - Mostly just the cans . is there any place at all where you do get cash for this stuff Is it all -
Kind of like the federal government right ? yeah . t_con it is kind of strange . I always have them .
What are your favorite television shows ? Well I don't really watch too many T V shows other than occasionally I'll turn on DONAHUE because it comes on in the morning when I seem to be getting ready around here . okay . Yeah
have a in it . - No it did . Well yeah
do you work . yes t_con I have a hard time getting anybody because I guess - that's true .
So the topic is vacations ? Alright t_empty t_empty
Well let me just start by asking what you think of this Middle East affair we've got going on ? I think that it's time that we concentrate more on what's going on within our own borders than what's going on in the Middle East . t_empty t_empty
So what do you you in your lawn ? Do you do it yourself Okay . I pushed it .
So you work for it T I then  . t_pause You can't say ? You know they give you an opportunity to either transfer into an on going project . - -- would be the availability of the health insurance and the availability of you know being able to transfer around the organization without having you know when they cut off a system and they don't just can everybody that is working on it like some companies I know of .
Is this Pat I'm talking to now ? Yes Substitute teacher . I'm a substitute teacher .
I didn't know you could do that . t_empty Last time we went we took our vacuum cleaner with us t_laugh  . W- were looking at those in a magazine .
Did you like it ? I read a lot of Larry McMurtry books -- Yeah . t_con I was interested in reading TEXASVILLE before I saw the movie .
wh- do you stand on Well I think that people should be allowed to have them . Okay . I'm ready if you are .
Really uplifting t_laugh  ? t_con he deserts and goes to New York t_con he got killed . French Foreign Legion fellow who deserts to go help his brother's wife who got a widow because he was selling drugs t_laugh
Well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars ? That's the only thing I found out tonight t_laugh  . Okay . Here goes Sharon .
What about like those TIME books that they put out about ancient discoveries ? how they found out like that ancient man per- brain surgery successfully ? Uh-huh . t_con well I am reading historical not a novel but now about the Russia before the czar during the czar's time and what it was like and everything .
What kind of work do you do when you're consulting ? well it depends t_con I worked for Dragon Systems for a while . -- in Washington
then you don't have to do too much with it t_laugh  . Not too much . we're in campus apartment buildings with flat top What kind of roof do you have ?
Are you finding it tough trying to find what you want Well what the problem we got is that we've got five children -- t_con we're kind of trying to stay here t_con they've enjoyed the school
how can they concentrate on schooling ? # # Right . # Right . # For example # that child that was shot . -
I se- you know early on that says you there ? Yeah . That's the only one that I you know - Yeah .
So how do you feel about capital punishment ? I am pretty much against it t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
are you going to put your son in child care in a year or two ? probably . Yeah . I was a professor in a university here in California for a while .
Right ? I read one like maybe once a year . I really have to be in the mood . t_con like I don't really like the you know six hundred page long Stephen King novels and all that .
No communication whatsoever . No . t_con they're writing the whole time  . you know it's just there they are
t_con you like it ? Yeah -- t_con I've lived out in California for a long long time . Oh .
How did you get on this list ? through Nancy Dahlgren . me too . Yeah
t_laugh  . t_con these days that helps doesn't it ? Yeah yeah Yeah
t_con do you and your wife have a budget plan for your finances . yeah Okay yes I am to both questions .
t_con do you have a housekeeper ? No t_laugh  . That's unreal . You're kidding .
Not so much Not really so much . Are you a hiker or not ? which is kind of fun .
Is that correct ? Well yeah I think the teachers d- Yeah . You all got a pay raise this year .
where have you all been on vacation recently ? Recently Okay Okay .
you ever go by Lucky Computer there ? Uh-huh there is a lot t_con he he guarantees everything he sells .
Is it ? l- of parts well this is pretty wooded area down here it's really pretty here .
t_con probably the first question would be whether you've ever had to go through that process . Well not so much personally We're to discuss a little bit about the process of putting someone in a nursing home and making the decision on a family basis t_empty
do you like to cook . yeah Yeah When I was single we used to always cook around the house .
What have you t_laugh seen recently ? t_laugh  . Well maybe you have seen DANCES WITH WOLVES . Well you're catching me at WHITE PALACE which I thought was over rated recently .
-- t_con was that a college thing ? -- in was in high school . Uh-huh -- Was that in high school --
what is your last name ? Kuenzer K U E N Z E R All right Well I'm going to be teaching at Brookhaven in the fall t_laugh  .
are you in school ? I'm a graduate student are you in your life still have this slice
Do you know anybody that's ever done this ? Get your own T I seven thirty-two or something . I don't know . prizes .
I don't know if you saw the tour posters of the Rolling Stones when they last toured t_con it looked like leather day at the geriatric Well they don't actually look as rough as the Rolling Stones . Yeah .
did you cut them down at the ground level t_empty are they still there # Can I pick your brain # about how you got rid of those trees ?
isn't it ? Yes I thought that was just great . I've seen that .
t_con do you think they'll kind of push into the teaching field eventually ? I kind of think they will . t_con I can understand why they need it with all the you know train accidents and everything else . Right .
How about you ? Yeah I think it should be more by the private institution . t_con at the same time I don't think that should be governed by the government per se .
# Was it bad ? # # it differently # when your kids are in the room you know -- I don't remember the language . -- watched it
t_con it's mostly all novels ? Yeah Uh-huh . My aunt got me hooked on those t_laugh  .
speaking of noise you can probably hear my little . - Yeah Noise causes air pollution  . noise .
It would be cheaper to move that than buy another one . absolutely . absolutely . Sure
All done by yourself Yeah . # that sounds nice . Yeah
t_con is the world really that rotten t_laugh  . I don't know t_con you think how is everybody that stupid you thi- why they say it's because you're over crowd
did you see it ? I haven't heard much lately . Was that good t_con that's something I really should have seen .
t_con you probably wouldn't recommend that as a big tourist spot ? No . Right . t_con it was just to have some fellowship with her .
now that's got that big V eight engine in it doesn't it Well I don't know . the Ninety-Eight let's see
do you subscribe to magazines yourself ? I don't subscribe to any magazines at home because we get so many at work that I need to read that I just don't take any at home . Okay t_empty
well what year are you in in college ? I'm a sophomore . Yes t_con I have auditions coming up .
Where you from ? Georgia . Not originally . Not originally .
So anything else you cook t_laugh  . I just kind of you know cook here cook there t_laugh  . Uh-huh . t_con wok food seems to be our thing .
 ? - -- no t_pause Pardon me -- Is it  ? -
Shouldn't we try and help our friends ? Certainly And ready to storm into Saudi . Uh-huh .
You know what I mean ? Uh-huh . I- both figure that's what's we're going to end up with both of the parents or whoever . that's fine with me .
t_con you haven't been back to Europe since then huh ? No Well that sounds real neat . that's true .
Does he publish a little somewhat he published a paper couple of years ago I think t_aside well one that I read . Yeah
t_con the family home evening too . Right Right usually in the morning .
t_con probably a good student teacher ratio and things . yeah that's good . Well yes
Course then could you know at at some point could you ever convince someone to turn around and grow something that was productive for humankind . No t_laugh True . And in the short run probably t_laugh too .
t_con did you install all that yourself ? Right . It was taking the whole thing apart and you know ordering new carpeting and - t_con it was fun .
do they put two or three week breaks between ? There's different ways to do it . Do they put long - W- how do they do it ?
t_con what is T I ? Texas Instruments . I don't know all of them Well our company does some things all of which I couldn't even tell you about .
t_con like what percent do you then save or something ? we have a lot of different things . then so like your pay what kind of a percentage do you basically keep out that you think that you know will cover all of the expenses kind of thing ? Okay
Well don't most of them about everything now have both metric and English . They do t_con you know people if they have to are going to learn to think that way . I think they just ought to all the way on new products introduced or whatever you know start your packaging go to liters instead of quarts
h- are you pleased with the news coverage that you're receiving ? For local news I think we do real well where it's - That's true t_con I try to catch that if nothing else .
is that how they do it at T I maybe . # Right I would think that - Right .
What do they do ? It's a security company t_laugh Bramalea . What's the name of that company t_laugh  ?
did you see the Great Barrier Reef and go snorkeling ? # # I didn't go diving . # Did you go on the Barrier # Re- - -- and # Japan and China #
is it good ? Well it depends No Have you seen WILD ORCHID ?
they give you money back for using your credit card . Yeah -- t_con if you use credit cards a lot you probably get more back . Uh-huh .
Robert what do you think are the most likely causes of air pollution ? gee t_empty t_empty
Do you eat any of them ? No now Uh-huh .
you know what I'm saying ? Yeah . You you know that's good .
well do you know something ? What ? Yeah t_con maybe it'll comfort her you know when she's fussy and stuff .
so where in France are you Paris . t_con while I was there I visited my aunt and uncle who were staying for their vacation in France in Nantes which is on the west coast like right across from England . t_con that was pretty interesting .
are you from this area ? I'm from Dallas . t_empty t_empty
How many kids do you have ? I have four children . Your kids . Well I watch in the evening with my kids  .
# t_con do # you know what he told me I h- needed to do ? # No . # # Yeah . # t_con I took them to a certified nurseryman the other day
t_con you don't have anything right now ? No t_con that's all there is to it . t_con I think that for me well my husband just has completely nixed the idea of having a dog or a cat t_laugh  .
what what channel do you watch or what station ? N B C . Yeah usually catch the news in the morning .
You mean the diesel availability ? Yeah the availability ? What
At T I ? No Just an accounting clerk . I'm a Payroll Clerk .
Three gees I just got that a few days ago . Uh-huh .
What kind of progressive stuff ? lot of stuff that actually has ended up becoming popular like Nirvana and you know - Yeah . is a little annoying .
So do you have any plans of maybe running more when the weather gets nicer ? Well yeah Uh-huh  . t_con I was just wandering if that was what it was or something .
t_con where about in Texas is that ? Is that centrally located All right . Yeah .
Well what do you do on a cruise ? I've never been on a cruise . t_con we like not having to take our suitcase in and out of hotel rooms and drag it all around . t_con it was beautiful .
t_con what do you think about child rearing ? how would you spend time with kids ? Huh ? Uh-huh .
What kind of a car do you drive now ? I drive a Honda Prelude . ut I corrected on t_num / t_num t_empty
are you ? No t_con I'm really not too concerned You know t_laugh we're not staying on the topic of television shows
t_con how are you supposed to expect to stay number one when you're behind the times in technology . Yeah this is crummy . Come on guys
How about you ? Well we have a cat who's also about four years old . Uh-huh . Get away with that a little bit more with pets than you can with kids t_laugh  .
So Beverly what do you think about drug testing ? I think in some professions it's essential . Things like pilots and things that involve the safety of other people particularly . t_empty t_empty
You get any cards in the mail ? Yeah I've already got twelve cards . Yeah
To a parent ? Yeah . Wh- type of advice do you think you'd give to a parent ? I guess we should talk about giving advice though .
was this recently ? yeah Now when was this now at the auto show they had fantastic looking cars .
A diet ? Yeah . What ? What if you're already on one ?
You into mainframes ? Ye- Oh . a E D P auditor .
Do they save like the paper they use at the office paper . Yeah . t_con I do the recycling for that . t_con we have a paper recycling program that is company wide
t_con you teach in Plano schools ? Yeah a teaching job . What brought you down here ?
what type of magazines do you have ? We take several at home . Okay . t_empty
I was going to ask you could you go to you know nice places sure I don't have to worry too much about price considerations because I you know - t_con it's a lot of fun .
So do you have any hobbies ? Well right at the present time nothing real special . t_empty t_empty
What about other benefits ? Are there others that you're dissatisfied with ? t_con it's difficult . Uh-huh .
so do you do a lot of cooking in your family ? I do some every now and then Okay t_empty
t_con it is rough for you too to see your grandmother . Yeah I'm twenty . How old are you ?
have you done much camping ? yes . Okay Bill Yes .
Make a recommendation ? Yes . t_con I think the jury should be able to recommend Well yes
how would you spend time with kids ? Probably doing outdoorsie stuff and keeping them away from the T V I guess t_laugh  . And McDonald's t_laugh  . t_con what do you think about child rearing ? Huh ?
Well you're still get- over the culture shock still t_laugh  . Yeah I see . we just moved down in June .
How do you look at counting credit cards ? We just quit using them t_laugh  . you really get socked to it if you don't watch it . Yeah .
Like you have a separate account for that then ? Well a lot of that I don't know how safe it is . t_con we actually pull out the money each month that we want to put in for birthdays that we want to put in for the vacation . That we put in for Christmas . I see .
I was wondering where that came from t_con they're talking like it was an American built car . Okay . Yeah .
What kind of fish ? any white fish . buy a fresh filet of fish a nice one at the fish mar- Yeah
So you say you've always have preferred General Motors products  . Yeah yeah . Yeah
Are they different from aerobics t_con is it the same thing ? t_con we have a jazzercise center here in Plano that has classes like all day long It's you know a national company
You ever seen that movie ? Yeah Uh-huh . I think of the movie TWELVE ANGRY MEN .
do you see any out for us ? Well I would think that information held on records by any company or charge card dealer or person should be absolutely private and not be allowed to be to given out by those companies . Why t_con I'm not sure what can be done to ensure that they don't .
What program you in ? audiology . Great . okay .
t_con you don't have too much time for hobbies ? No as it sounds . t_con I do little news reports and things .
Do you know the question for today ? yes . Okay . Yes .
Are you one who gives dinner parties very often ? No . Right share recipes or something
so what do you think about the school system ? Well I think they're having a lot of trouble right now . Okay t_empty
t_con what about you ? t_empty Uh-huh . I think they're doing the is much research as they can possibly do you know .
Patrick Swayze ? Yeah I've forgotten the guy's name who was in it who had the lead role . It was was absolutely enthralled by it .
what's the lady's name ? Diane Ragsdale ? You can disagree with Al Lipscomb and - I don't know .
are you familiar with it ? Yes . -- which is an aerobic program that - you do .
that's getting ready to start up right ? Right . this World League is coming in ? Yeah .
t_con does your prime time start at seven o'clock ? No I was in Iowa awhile ago and noticed that everything was an hour earlier I'm not sure -
t_con do you have any pets now ? Yes and always has his nose all around my turtle box -- t_con they live in an aquarium without water in my family room
How has it been this week for you ? Weather-wise or otherwise ? Okay t_empty
what's the solution then ? I have no idea . t_con what's your - Gosh .
Do you know what I mean ? Yeah If they could t_pause make it more to find out you know what's going on . Uh-huh .
Are you there ? Yeah . do you have  . - Okay
t_con of course it has to have air-conditioning t_laugh  . absolutely Or something like that Uh-huh .
Well have you put any posters up or anything like that ? Well not yet . they told us like at the Humane Society and the adoption center you know don't give up hope you know Yeah
t_con the question is how soon are we going to start to get our money's worth t_con as you said it's how soon we get involved Until then I think you know it's going to be really painful . t_con I think once people really start to communicate how they feel things are going to change .
What do you mean by world music ? Well world music is - drawing from a lot of different sources and making you know a synthesis of a new type of music . Yeah .
Well what is your newspaper ? That is the WASHINGTON POST -- If you're not available on the hour or half hour then you lose out on an awful lot . Well that's one of the handicaps with both T V and radio .
Anything else ? No . Me either . I can't think of anything on recycling .
Really where did you come from ? well Ohio kind of . Okay well that's about the same time as me I came down in eighty-two . it's been I've been here for nine years .
Well how did you get hooked up with the T I switchboard thing ? a gal who works with T I on this project  . Yeah . # these # years of working .
# There's that type of segregation # It's divided # That's how it is . # -- # as far as we're # concerned t_laugh  .
what age group i- are they looking at ? eighteen . # Well it's somewhere between here and there . # Yeah .
do you wear waders when you fish ? I probably ought to . Do you have to - # of # doors
t_laugh Do youself have children wi- who are or have been through the public school system ? Yes # t_con I'm sure they're # colored by what I've edited . That's interesting .
do you use them a lot ? we try not to . Uh-huh -- and use them .
Are you married ? yes . That's how kind of I am too . I see .
t_laugh Can you imagine the big picture of John Travolta ta-da what is it SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER ? Him just standing there . are gone . I know .
Do you feel as though there should be more Well I think that currently the way the law stands isn't so much that the laws are enforceable or not Uh-huh . t_con I think the appeal process is really getting in the way .
Are you in Dallas ? Yeah You know like you know the recent election about how the Dallas City Council should be made up that election last December . yeah .
is that the newest thing now the four eighty-six ? Right . if needs and wants were the same I'd have a four eighty-six machine at home t_laugh  . Well I understand that t_laugh you know .
Was it very expensive ? No Uh-huh . t_con I never you know got out by myself or not much
t_con you have a probably a more pitched roof than is typical around here . Yes . you couldn't use it for a room . in parts .
t_con how old was he ? He's now five and a half . -- one . Uh-huh .
# You buy # the canned baked beans ? Yeah . t_con let's see # I guess # - t_con you mix baked beans and Lima beans
How far is Houston ? three hundred miles . you know I kind of wish that they had inter league play like they do in all the other sports so I could see some of the National League teams here once in a while . Yeah
do you have a lot of activities with your kids ? Well I don't want to be a unilateral t_laugh conversation That keeps you bu- - -- Brownie meeting .
Sounds familiar it's very fresh in your memory . I'm dealing with the loans right now # after I got # out t_laugh  .
do you like it better ? I like it so much better . it looks lots better than - How does the paneling -
suppose # they found out some other way ? # # Well I think # the problem here is that a drug test does not necessarily imply that someone is taking drugs or not taking drugs . do you think it's okay for a company to reject somebody knowing that they'll take drugs ? I guess I basically agree that -
t_con how do people feel about it ? # # So we're familiar with it . # # Okay t_con the day that they select you is when you have to go and be tested .
Well I suppose they fire you and everything right then huh ? t_con what do they do with you guys if that you guys get - Yeah . Uh-huh .
Then there's no age limit ? No . Yes . I didn't know that .
Do you work t_con do you get to stay home with them ? How about you ? that's good .
bu- e- cooking over an open fire is a little more fun isn't it . It is Yeah t_con the part that I did was more fun than labor because they did the running and toting chores and I just helped cook and kind of organize you know .
t_con do you think that there should be nationwide curriculum ? I don't know . Uh-huh . t_con you know where our kids might be in a great school we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read you know .
t_con how about you  ? Well I think that in some cases it is warranted . t_con they try and get out of it . They worry about it afterwards
Have you ever been to a Cowboy's game ? I haven't Yeah . Really ?
How about you ? Do you exercise on a regular basis ? It sure is . it sure is .
t_con you can't ride your bike at all in the rain can you . No Yeah . just you know be careful not to slide .
Well what kind of vacations do you like to take ?  . Well we've been fortunate enough to take a couple of trips over to Europe t_empty t_empty
is that a sport you like to participate in ? No . Okay t_empty
You really think cars contribute a lot now that they've taken lead out of gas ? well maybe not You do ? and I think it's cars .
I guess I would now use the new mayonnaise free . Yeah -- # yeah little tang . # -- # tang that would be good . #
t_laugh Is he a meat and potato person ? Right . My am married to a man and have two children that eat about four things t_laugh  . I love that kind of cooking .
what do they win they win money I think don't they ? t_laugh I'll get on there one day and see if I can - t_con maybe I'll try it one day .
what do you feel are some of the main problems ? Well I'm in a urban area . Okay t_empty
t_con what kinds of things do you use it for when you us- to their hous- usually word processing something such as forms for things - uh-huh . Uh-huh
t_con now that they've all sort of moved off - Yeah I see . We were all pretty close when we were younger .
A pop-up trailer huh . Yeah . Pop-up . Yeah .
You know . t_con I hope they can do good . they're not going to be happy about it . Yeah
Well you know what I was hoping ? I was hoping Iran was going to take a very dramatic stand and invade you know I don't think this whole issue is settled as far as we're concerned . I just have a feeling that the military involvement isn't over yet . That I still feel like there's more to come .
What kind of work do you do ? I'm a research engineer -- knew that they were going to be punished severely possibly capital punishment - Uh-huh .
Are you familiar with that ? Yeah Right now we're looking for housing somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area . then we have come back just this summer .
So what is your latest experience with painting ? I haven't done any painting since I was a child t_empty t_empty
Haven't you ? Huh-uh . I've never seen that . I think that's kind of a good show .
How long have you had him ? about two years . I do too t_laugh  . Thanks
Have you been keeping up ? Well just really the last couple of days since this U N debate or whatever you want to call it that voted on whether there was going to be a cease fire . and spring break with the kids I hadn't been thinking much about the Middle East and what's going on over there . -- pretty regularly and read the paper and all
well rust and the body too - Yeah Yeah Yeah .
Central America have you ever lived in Central America . I wasn't in Central America Yeah . Okay I guess we're on .
Are they poisonous snakes ? we have a lot of cotton mouth -- on a hook but never the snakes . Uh-huh .
How about Pennsyl- - I think you are earlier than we are as a rule aren't you ? Yeah . -- it is very warm here which is typical for this part of the year .
They will . Yeah . they'll eat them . They don't want the mothers to be with the little fish either .
They're talking about federal government aren't they ? I'm sure - t_empty t_empty
was that when you - No in Texas What
So what are your thoughts on the subject there ? Well I definitely think like decisions have to be unanimous . Okay  . I'm ready whenever you are .
do you do a lot of camping ? Well my husband and I haven't done a whole lot of camping I don't know t_empty
How should they do it ? Why didn't it work last time ? the topic was should the United States adopt the metric system and if so should - Okay
Well I don't know do we just terminate this or do you have to talk for a certain amount of time ? Do you know ? Yeah . It's rained  .
Do you have some strong feelings one way or the other about the care of the elderly ? Well yes t_empty t_empty
You know what tort theory is ? No . t_con you know when you think about reasonableness now I believe that a law suit should have some foundation in the tort theory . Well sure .
Do you ever used an oil base paint ? t_empty I've used many a gallon of them myself . Yeah .
Which do you work in A government . Yes That's right .
Well you know why not why not . Oh them too t_laugh  . I mean why not .
t_con how do you think they would feel I should say about moving from where they have lived most of their life into a whole new home situation ? Well actually I have that kind of situation because my mother lives with me -- t_con of course that makes sense Uh-huh .
ha- he been around children yeah Was your husband naturally a child t_con I think yu- grow closer .
t_laugh What area of the country do you live in ? I'm in Texas . Yes . that makes a difference doesn't it .
Do you know what I mean ? Yes . -- that sit in and listen so that there's no way that you could have like a crooked judge . t_con I think that there should be more than one judge .
Do you have children ? No . # # well I guess first of all I could have asked that before . # Okay . #
what do you want to concentrate on . It doesn't matter to me . t_con there's so many different problems there . # it's # such a big area
What kind ? Yeah . What kind of newspaper do you get down there ? t_con it does seem up
What branch were you in ? I was in the Air Force ? -- probably the biggest . - What branch were you in ?
how many bedrooms is it ? t_empty Uh-huh -- toys and stuff that we're just trying to find places to put
t_con does it come mostly from industry up there ? t_empty Do you find that It's really a serious issue for those of us up in this sector up here .
Farming ? 'cause they're farmers . Yeah That's what you're saying ?
No ? No . not that I know of t_laugh  . Do you all have can banks ?
# why # not an apprentice out to a company and learn from down on the bottom as a wood worker or you know just a technician ? Uh-huh . # Uh-huh . # t_con see we don't even push the fact to the high school kids that there's other means of education out there rather than college . t_pause To go either as an apprentice which they do in other countries . Just doing it which I think would bring the education back up . You know -
Oldies or what ? Yeah Yeah ? they turns into ber- classic rock .
How will I dust this thing ? t_laugh You're right . Do you know what my concern is ? what my concern was was it really sure and how they would last .
t_con what's a metric ton ? t_empty t_con there's a ton . Well t_con there's a metric ton
Is this like a very short call ? t_laugh  . No I think that's it . is there anything I believe in t_laugh  .
have you seen it ? Yeah . t_con that movie I have to fast forward it every time they come to the part where there is - My little boy he loves ROBO COP .
Do you have to have any special training ? it depends on the state you live actually . That's interesting . yeah .
Are you a hacker ? You bet . t_laugh How much of a golfer are you ? Right .
that explains it doesn't it . t_laugh  . Well I don't know Yeah t_con that explains . -
t_laugh What else causes air pollution ? Noise . -- t_con Well I don't know . That's interesting .
could you tell me what you think contributes most to air pollution ? Well it's hard to say . Okay t_empty
is it in Dallas ? Yes . Where It's a Hari Krishna run restaurant .
Have you seen that one ? Yes Yeah . One movie I saw I guess it was a while back RED OCTOBER .
t_con are you a spectator ? I'm a - So are you a golfer Okay .
Can you tell ho- fast you're going to hit it ? well if it's up on a slope that you've got to hit it not kill it # If you get down on the ground you really can . # What about the speed ? #
wha- else can I tell you about painting ? t_empty it sure makes a difference . Yeah
Have you ever seen any put out by Junior Leagues ? Yes . Uh-huh . One of my daughters sent me a COLORADO COOK BOOK put out by the Junior League of Denver .
that's got to be beautiful territory . Yeah Wow I went to California up to the Sequoias .
Well that must have been fun though . Well it is . Uh-huh . t_con I did most of my camping in the mountains .
Are they a # margin of error ? # # The accuracy ? # How wrong they are ? I don't know .
Have you ever been there ? Yes . that will be fun too . t_con this year we're leaving next Saturday for New Orleans .
t_con Do you have any ideas on anything that would make - You know they charge you you know it takes us about a year to save up enough to be worth bothering to go in and do Yeah
Is there like a mandatory nap time ? Time uh-huh . -- you'd be more concerned with if there's a type of care that it's torture for them to lay down and take a nap . Uh-huh .
How does it compare to the years past ? -- I don't know I haven't lived here t_aside we m- lived out of state in Wisconsin How about that . it's been very very rainy I know .
What kind of cars do you do you usually drive ? Right now we I've got a uh four year old Subaru and a two year old Honda . What kind h- - t_empty
t_con do you think that we're all trying to keep up with a certain standard of living ? I think that's part of it too . Do you think it's an economic c- t_con now it's pretty much an economic necessity of places for both parents to work .
t_con I wonder if that means that if you don't do it -- - Uh-huh . Yeah . that is interesting .
What do you think about that do you think that There is no need to have children if you don't want them . -- all kinds of ways to prevent pregnancies .
I don't know if you've heard of it t_con it's a aerobic video with not necessarily bouncing around and jumping up and down t_con we have a my husband and I have Uh-huh .
what's the main difference between Republicans and Democrats ? Okay you don't ? Well see I don't know anything about politics .
Was a Visa card ? Yeah . That's the first thing he wanted . really ?
Are you at work ? Yes . t_laugh No problem . I am so sorry to keep you on hold .
# When you # say bring in do you mean that they negotiated with people to come in and ask for your support ? No pay them based on the percentage of business they bring instead of based on their salary . Well we considering instead of tying a profit sharing plan to a salary is tie a percentage of business that a person would participate and bring into the company .
Have you cycled plastic also ? No -- where they have you know recycling of glass aluminum and paper . Uh-huh .
Are a real life Trekkie ? I think so t_laugh  . uh-huh . Yeah
t_con is that just # the truth ? # # No # t_con isn't that # kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just don't vote ? -- by the eligible voters being less than the total population # of  . . . #
Sweats and . - Yeah . t_con I like to wear comfortable things like cotton and baggy things and . - Yeah
# So # you're remodeling ? Uh-huh . We've taken out the glass and most of the windows and the sashes and replaced them . t_con we've done lots to it .
What channel is it on ? It is on channel - it is funny . well I even like Jot .
Now are you married that you both you and your wife use a credit card Yeah Uh-huh . Yeah .
t_con you're married ? Yeah No . You don't have children ?
Okay . t_con how long in feet ? t_empty I think the world record is fifty some pounds . well the channel catfish get up to -
What are you looking at ? Well I'm really not looking at anything for a while that's true . That's true
You think you'd go up in space if you had a chance ? yeah -- Well I don't know . -- something like that .
are you talking about cutting equipment or tools for tha- tools for set up and for measurement . Yeah . Personal tools to be able to do his job .
I don't know if you all have those things around . Yes . well we have those which I think is one of the best things is those cash for cans . Yeah
# Isn't that something . # t_empty t_con my mother had a nursing degree and was able to make it in her profession You know isn't that funny because the same thing happened to us except I was twelve .
Have you seen the movie CLASS ACTION with Gene Hackman ? no we do . Yes
What do you do ? I ride a bicycle quite a bit and work out with free weights  . I sure do . Yeah
right t_laugh  . I guess t_laugh so Probably gives them ideas of what they want to do They think they're so cute .
# t_con isn't that # kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just don't vote ? t_con is that just # the truth ? # -- by the eligible voters being less than the total population # of  . . . # # dis- were disqualified #  .
You wouldn't notice the difference did you ? Well actually there was . I don't know . I don't think that there would be you know a quality difference .
you know what I mean ? Uh-huh . I know I've always thought more about the disease rather than the der- sure -
What about you ? Well t- research stuff here now Yeah . Exactly .
t_laugh How are we going to make that happen ? what can we do ? How are we going to fix that Tanya ? Uh-huh .
Well what about in New York . I guess you've gone that way maybe . That's so awful . because of the smog and everything .
Do we get our money's worth ? Hey listen if I had my way I wouldn't pay my taxes . tell me what you think . go ahead
are you find that ? t_empty Yes I have a friend that's a teacher that one of her complaints is she can't teach because she's so busy filling out all the forms .
t_con how long do you plan to be going for ? two weeks . Yeah . Paris .
is there anything that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing ? where I live now it's not so bad . Uh-huh . Prob- right if you look at it from that stand point .
What was your name again ? Nancy . Okay . Should we start this so we can -
How have you changed your meals now ? # yeah . # That's an interesting point . -- good things .
t_con are we going to keep having to try to juggle all of this ? Well I hope that they will change do you think things are going to change Where do you think this is going in the future
Have you seen the show it's new this year called HOME FRONT ? No I guess I watch it more out of the uniqueness of it and the time that it comes on more than the fact that I have to see it . It's different .
They are pretty aren't they lately  . Yeah . I find that the Corvettes are becoming really nice cars . right t_laugh  .
So well shall we wrap it up ? I would imagine that we've talked the amount of time # necessary . # t_con their talking a lot about the school situation there too . t_con they live in Peoria Illinois
Do you work for T I ? No t_laugh that's the nicer way right . Yeah
You mean in the most recent conflict ? In any of them since eighty-one . Didn't it bug you a little bit why they kept coming up with all this stuff ? # t_con # during that same time frame didn't you get some feeling that they're getting all these weapons and stuff ?
t_con do you go alone ? No Do you go with friends t_con like I usually choose to go at nine thirty in the morning or a nine fifteen class or a ten thirty class in the mornings .
You sound like you've got some small ones in the background . One . Okay . from fourteen down to seven .
So what type Simply Red I've never heard of that . I think just because they all sort of sound + they sound I like the group .
Well do you think that's right ? t_empty Yeah . I don't think we've been doing too bad .
it is ? Yeah -- even do it . # Oh . #
Once every five years ? Uh-huh . Probably once every five years . # Your # family have reunions on a regular basis ?
What do you do for a living ? I'm a student right now . I can imagine . Yeah
How old is your child ? Ten Yeah . ruining something ?
What It just an exercise mat that rolls up One of my kids got me one of those for Christmas one year You know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these A B C -s of physical fitness on them .
So that kind of your child right now ? yeah . t_con that's mostly why we got it . To keep her company while I am away at work . -- while I go to work
Are you leasing them ? No t_con neither one do we really own . We have two P C -s at home
t_con did you start at the edge ? Is that how you're supposed to do ? I didn't . No
Would you consider capital punishment for them ? I think I would probably lower the age to about fourteen . What about like teenagers that get involved in a gang and do a drive by shooting or something like that . Say fifteen sixteen year old . Or with no regard for someone else's well being .
Why did you check music ? Why did I pick music ? Right . now we're supposed to talk about music ?
On the piers ? Uh-huh . it's off the ground . Do you build on slabs down there or did you build it up off the ground ?
t_con are you working somewhere then No Uh-huh . For business . -
is there still blood stains on the altar t_con has it worn away through the years ? Yeah t_con that's pretty of heavy duty .
Is he the guy wants to like deregulate heroin or something ? Well what he wants to do is take all the money that he gets for drug enforcement and use it for drug education . t_con what he - t_con the mayor of Baltimore is a Rhodes Scholar
do you know whether the things that you and your groups before you did did those live on t_con were they reabsorbed has those influences lasted health inoculation and things .
You use your company's ? My husband's Not at all . # You don't use the medical insurance ?
Have you recently bought a new car Catherine ? Well I just found out that my car was thirty months old Okay  . Yes .
You watch many ? it depends on wh- - yeah Yeah
Is it limestone under Yeah Golly . we can't put in anything too big as far as shrubs and things like that because they've got to get a chance to find the cracks in the rock .
You want to get into some kind of manufacturing t_con what's the specialty that your looking for ? And hopefully get a job after that . And ?
Remember that ?  . t_empty t_con you know when we first came down here I really thought this place was somewhat backward I was just shocked that we couldn't shop on Sunday . Uh-huh .
How many hours have you been from home ? the farthest away from home ? Uh-huh . I really interested in the basic concept differences between west and east coast and the central parts of America .
For how many calls ? t_empty There's one that's got some diamonds on it . well they have some watches that look really nice .
what do you do with your children when you are together ? t_empty plays and things that go on . # Uh-huh . #
t_con do you know of any other shows in the even or something that you enjoy ? tonight I'm looking forward to seeing GOLDEN GIRLS . That can happen . t_con not anymore .
Wh- do you think that it's less close than it used to be ? you know the were all brothers and sisters a lot - t_con I think people feel less of a desire to really go . t_con it's not quite as close as it used to be .
Where do you live ? we live in Plano . Yeah . t_laugh They're usually pretty broad anyway .
Well is the crime that bad there in Atlanta ? I'm not really sure how bad it is . You know t_con it's really kind of a complex problem . # Yeah . #
How old are you Lisa ? I'm twenty . t_laugh let's see All right well
Do you work for Texas Instruments ? My husband does . Yeah . Really ? t_laugh  .
Are you a professor there ? No Uh-huh . we do have the health care and the medi-
Well how about who - Like I say haven't done it in such a long time . To give you specific titles I can't . # that # was really good ?
What was the verdict ? Did the jury have trouble reaching a decision ? any criminal . # okay . #
Do you work for a big or a little place ? I work for Georgia Tech . Wha- sort of company do you work for ? t_empty
Were any of them twins ? four or more children are thin t_con she's thin t_con she just liked having kids
Besides it's Richardson . Is it ? It's still considered Garland . Yeah . That's a really nice area .
Are you a T I -er ? No . Okay . t_empty
I don't know if you know her or not . Huh-uh . There's Jan Hooks from SATURDAY NIGHT LIFE . there's two new characters on there .
t_con you figure one of these days you're going to go back to being an engineer ? Is that what you're saying ? Uh-huh . in my case I just decided that as long as my kids were little I would be better off at home with them instead of driving myself crazy trying to do everything at once .
do they call it the barrio down there . That's the barrios I don't know # t_con # they said that they quite the problem with the ghettos
t_laugh Do you think that those are bigger contributors than things like ai- rain and some of the pollutants that come from industrial areas factories and so on ? I don't really know t_con I'm not a chemist . So I believe them
t_con do you think there's accounting on an ordered of magnitude or that they really do understand how much money it is for awhile it seemed like every time I opened the paper up it was escalating in terms of damage Well do you think we a final accounting yet not in the since of pennies an nickels Okay .
Are y'all planning on having kids ? Yeah . We'd like to . * Yes . Well are you ever married t_laugh  ?
t_con you're working on your doctorate ? Yeah . my master's is in industrial engineering . It's more psychology and engineering .
are you just trying to say that criminal cases are more tangible Yeah Well I think - I don't know if I'm making any sense or not .
Have you seen GHOSTS yet ? Yes -- as they come out Right .
What's wrong with the Volvo . I don't know they're not as nice looking . It seems like they last forever . either that or Mercedes just because they're put together so well .
Hey what do you think you know some black guy with capital is going to come in and invest in that area ? t_con it'll be even better . t_con they're going to rebuild
Did you try to call this weekend ? t_empty okay . Okay
# Do you like Mexican ? # # the ones out in Addison . # t_con particularly down in your area I'm looking for some more restaurants . Uh-huh .
Where do you play golf in this area ? t_empty Uh-huh . t_con I also like to plant flowers and do some gardening and do arts and crafts .
Did you see those because of Julia Roberts or for the subject matter of the two ? it was just - Oh . I didn't see that one .
do you get into car - Well we had new cars always until about four years ago -- t_con we do not buy us new cars . Right .
You all have much trouble up there with insects not a who- lot . I can imagine . I'd rather be doing that than housework t_laugh  .
Close to sea level ? t_laugh I would say it's closer to sea level . I have no clue . I don't even know .
do you all start planning real far ahead of time ? Well no . Pardon . Do you all just start planning real far ahead of time ?
t_con is it just a job for them ? Most really care in this center really care . Well do most of your day-care workers really care about the children that's certainly something we hope t_laugh never happens .
What type of work ? I was working with an organization that does Bible translation . The people there are just very friendly Uh-huh .
do you watch soap operas ? once in a while when I'm home . t_con here in Texas we only get two channels well I don't think you all have the same channels
Who knows . Yeah t_con what were we trying to do . We lost lives
t_con I don't know whether that's because they had other opportunities to which they could move you know that it was that easy for them to find new work that they didn't stuck to where they were t_con things begin to collapse Uh-huh -- I just since that they didn't have a commitment to the stability of the organizations they were making the decisions for .
t_con it's not all stuff that T I makes . no Got some a food processor . Then it's got some binoculars and some pretty brass lamps .
Who wrote that ? I do not remember the man's name I have had it a couple years t_con I have just now gotten around to reading it .
Do you want a perennial flower that will bloom all Summer ? I bought - blue is hard you know . -- against it .
Do you ever go see the Rangers ? Every once in a while I like to go on the nights when there's not anybody out there I don't even remember his name either . t_pause Rangers have got a new guy this year
like is it the weight machines or aerobics or what is it ? t_empty Do you work out on - t_con I at least did something .
Do you think you would be able to do some more if you had more tools and different tools ? well yeah t_con sounds like you got some real nice tools too . t_con I like to get out and to work with my hands
Where do you work in research No I'm a planner t_con I'm did that in my  . - okay .
um is is N C University is that uh State - N C State . That's great Yeah .
It's just a half hour t_con is it hour ? t_con there's always like I say a moral to it It's a real short
have you ever checked like the most money-makers in nineteen ninety . # Uh-huh . # That's the lowest I've seen . t_con you can find some that's under a dollar but not a whole lot .
t_con you ? I was much too young I was kind of an in-between finally drew a high draft number no
How did you get into this . Well my best friend in Virginia's daughter is a part of this project in Texas . t_con it's been so much fun too talk . Uh-huh
Did you see the one on Sunday ? Yes Very good . that's a good show too .
Did you see it ? Yeah really ? My all time favorite is WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S .
Which do you work in A government . I don't - Yes
What about the work effort those ten people did when the company was doing well . Uh-huh . for the bad times of the company . Uh-huh .
is that pretty common up there in - No Gosh twelve you know .
Well what kind of fish do they have in your neck of the woods ? t_empty Oh . I don't like to go out on boats .
Have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti's ? Frank E - For both of us . Yeah .
except the kid right t_laugh we don't have anything right now . No
Are you still employed ? Am I still employed by T I that's why I was in the Deseg down here in Plano also . yeah
Have you ever been to Mercado Juarez ? No Well there's a zillion of them . It's a Mexican restaurant off of Central .
Did you ever get any information on it like - I sent off for stuff on it I thought it was a fantastic idea . I thought seriously about joining at that time
Did Dana sign you up for this ? Well she just sent me the information out . Yeah . I've done maybe four or five .
Have you started exercising at home Well I am undisciplined in the sense that I can't just go and do exercise t_con are you moti- - Well that's good .
do you think that there should be some control innovated such that the doctors are not allowed to charge ridiculously over priced things . We realize that for the individual person some things are very important . -- this is what's bothering me Lee another question t_con as a society t_laugh we are paying a staggering price for this .
# What # do you think's wrong to cause # that ? # # Well for one thing there's not enough money in the school system . t_con I don't blame the teachers as much as I blame the system . Uh-huh .
Do you like the way some people in there for instance really take over and we have no way of knowing whether they are legitimately right or wrong and so forth . # Yeah . # What do you think are possible changes in the way trials are conducted these days ? Yes .
t_laugh What do you do in your garden t_con I'll go nothing t_con you'll have to give me a call on gardening t_laugh  . I have to learn
now . Well Mark what was that again ? do you think our invest- in lives and money was worth it ? Sure Okay .
Where do you find places to camp ? Well we do a lot of canoeing when we go camping -- well you don't have mountains in Texas do you . now do you have a lot mountains
t_con do you eat what you fish . no So do you fish mainly for trophies That would have been something .
t_laugh t_con would you be appropriate to drink with the prior when you have the hors d'oeuvres ? Yeah No . Probably not nachos and dip
where do you live ? Are you out - Six seven and eight . Six seven and eight .
Were you sailboating ? Yeah I was kind of into it for a while there . t_con I was in Florida
Well are there just the two of you ? yes t_con do you have any favorite ? t_laugh # I really like Italian food though
t_con you know who would have cared about earth ? It would have been another planet to kind of take over and continue on . if we would have went into space and found Mars a livable planet we probably would have inhabited it this is it .
Do you have children in the system ? I have two -- you're not at your best you know That's right .
Where's that ? Never heard of that place . let me see for New Year's we went to eat at Uncle Julio's . Where do you like to go when you got a baby-sitter ?
How about some of the ads do you go by the ads when you look at them or the reviews ? Yeah . An escape type of thing .
Do you watch sports much on T V ? Yeah t_con some things on P B S I like to watch t_con I like to watch that
Do they require you to presort it ? Yeah . Let me ask you this . that's good .
t_con I somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of ex- t_empty See the only thing I don't understand I guess I don't understand our judicial system as it is right now -- not argument but evidence -
t_con they enjoy where they're living ? he's nine months old . One child . I've got one .
t_con how do you feel about murders of law officers or fire people or something that are # because they have had them they have had them killed when they have # - # Well what bothers me - needs to addressed in that context  . Uh-huh .
What . With ink ? Uh-huh . just did a thumb print . You know . It was really easy .
is it doing any good ? I think that the space program has done a lot of good for the country . t_con should we call a halt to it t_con should we go ahead and keep exploring
Is that a tough system to be in ? Uh-huh . I'm trying to get out . For right now .
you're talking about company's liability . Uh-huh # Well yeah # that's about it . #
-- t_con then pop-u- is it pop-up ? Yeah . t_con you have - okay
Do you exercise a lot ? it's scaled back considerably . t_empty t_empty
How d- that work out with storing your bike and showering and all that ? Yeah about forty-five fifty minutes . How long does that take you to get to work ?
Did you have a special program on your computer to do that t_con was this just your own design of - Wow that's great . # t_con # we really lessened it more than what we thought we would .
t_con what are you getting your degree in ? human factors . t_con I sit around and tinker with that most of the time . t_laugh I've got a nice little business at home
Now this is done in the needlepoint ? Uh-huh . You know it's just so hard . t_con you know I've worked on it quite a bit but not as much as I'd like to .
Well is the pollution really bad up there ? actually no . Minneapolis area t_con you're in Minneapolis
he from Ireland isn't he ? Yeah his mus- - Yeah .
Well do you have anything planned for this summer ? not really just yet . exactly . yeah
t_laugh A lot of leaves to rake up too I bet . Yes we definitely have a lot of trees here . t_con the landscape is much different here in Texas than it is you know in the north . or even where you are .
hello Yeah . Uh-huh . If it's a limited edition usually worth something later on .
Where did you all move from ? Colorado Springs . Did you ? it just moved down here a couple years ago
So do you have any recycling programs there ? I don't really think we have anything in the works as of yet . t_empty t_empty
Well are you going to buy a car soon ? Well it won't be too much longer because my husband and I are both going to re- Okay . Yip  .
especially for your uncle I bet . Oh yes . Right -- and it's creating a lot of problems .
I do not know if you listen to him or not No . -- Rush Lynn Bottom Yeah .
Did you go there ? Uh-huh . Although we went to that Polynesian Village . Oh .
Do you find you use it a lot ? I don't use it as much as my children and my husband do . t_con I don't have one at home . I use one all day at work
t_con I've often wondered why haven't you ? Yes -- I don't think so No
t_con did it become ? - t_con it became unanimous you know after they turned it in -- t_con the one changed his vote at the end . Yeah .
what base of communications would you be most interested in getting in to ? Well I'm majoring in public relations . Uh-huh . you say you're in communications
In teaching . In teaching . t_con teaching I still see that that's where most of the woman are . t_con you know I don't know .
People of all ages take advantage of the aerobics ? yeah Hm ? Well t_con people of all ages take advantage of the aerobics ?
where you live do you have a state income tax and a sales tax both ? yes . Right I think taxes are high .
Do you like to cook ? Yes Yeah . Sounds like it .
Did we do what was correct there ? I think we should have stayed longer . Uh-huh . Should we have been there ?
Are you interested in that at all ? Not really t_laugh  . Well there's been a lot of publicity lately about that new Nancy Reagan book out by Kitty Kelly the unauthorized biography . t_empty
t_con if it were told to us that we would find the time somewhere between our seventeenth and twenty-sixth birthday to give a year or two to the to the country in the form of maybe building better roads or the parks service or the Peace Corps or somet- you know the military service or something . Wouldn't we have maybe a better class of Americans ? I don't see how that can make a better class of Americans to make everybody mandatory for everybody to participate . Well I understand t_con they just you know don't want to or don't have the time .
Whose your favorite actress or actor ? don't really know Yeah . # and all the # different stuff like that you know .
t_con that you know - I was just absolutely - t_con it was fabulous . now that was fabulous
What age child are you thinking in terms of ? In terms of what they're talking about . -- really look and pay for it . # Right . #
# What # do you think about these things ? Well as I look at our trial systems # Yeah . # Do you like the way some people in there for instance really take over and we have no way of knowing whether they are legitimately right or wrong and so forth .
How do you feel about credit cards ? t_laugh Personally I do not care for them . although I find them a necessity in business and so forth let's see . Okay
Who knows Yeah I don't know . where you have to pay out to federal or whatever . -
You don't have to wait or nothing then No . There's no restriction though . You just go and buy the gun
Well what do you do ? I really don't have a routine . -- are the ones that I find . Uh-huh .
Then would you condone the burning of the capitol building ? t_empty I guess you feel differently . + that's my opinion
you know how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle . Right . t_con she didn't have you know like - t_con she had a small waist
They have them right at the campsites ? Yeah like I say they're kind of more sturdy than anything you know I really like them
By your house ? B- my house t_laugh  . t_con the other one was on the roof in the back . -- and caught one of the men in the hedge
isn't that something how you know you think about child care t_con it lasts along time . Yeah That's right .
Are they going to later do you know ? -- plastic . Uh-huh .
# You don't use the medical insurance ? Not at all . we don't use any of T I -s benefits other than I buy bonds and that's it I feel the same way actually .
For forty dollars ? For forty dollars . t_con what we ended up with was about four thousand . my word .
Is it pretty easy ? Yeah -- t_con I took sailing lessons when I was about six Yeah .
right t_con that's sort of almost a separate issue . my father was a hunter I grew up -
any other problems ? Not that I can think of . Well that's good . Uh-huh .
So a- you a news person ? I really am t_empty t_empty
You're right across the lake from what Plattsburgh ? Yeah his crop gets killed . Yeah .
what do you do this weekend ? Well pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard . Okay . t_empty
Can you use it like at a bank machine t_empty Uh-huh . I've never used my Visa for cash before .
well Boston is New York isn't it ? No . -- up in Boston and New York Uh-huh .
what white wine ? That would be my guess . all these hard questions t_laugh  . t_con when you serve the meal what type of wine would you have with seafood ?
More and more taxes ?  . Well no how do you think we're going to pay for it ? if Dr . Howe or whatever his name is is on duty I go to him .
what about you ? t_laugh  . I'm single It seems like a lot of my neighbors kind of have a similar type I don't know life . t_con I'm home with the children just do a lot of running around .
Have you seen that yet ? No the last movie I saw was REGARDIN- HENRY . So so what have you seen lately that you think is worthwhile ?
t_con you were hit in the side weren't you ? Yes . t_con the street lights . - -- it was a bad rainy dark dreary day
Do you stay overnight on the way No To go be there for the Fourth of July . are you really ?
t_con when did it end ? t_empty I was born in sixty-two Yeah .
Well Julie are you in a situation where you'd soon need to deal with special care for elderly ? Well I don't know . t_empty t_empty
They set that up for you . No -- t_con I do a combination of running and weight training  . Uh-huh .
What effects do you think it's had on our country ? Downside . well I totally agree with that . # # not really .
Well a brand new Volvo costs what thirty thousand dollars ? Well certainly some of the top end ones . Uh-huh . the vintage of the cars that you and I currently own --
Pretty flat isn't it ? Yeah No t_laugh  . Do you have any mountains nearby ?
Have you ever tried deep sea fishing ? not yet . I know it . Yeah
Do you like specials ? Well last night for example I really would have liked to have watched UNSOLVED MYSTERIES . I - anyway what would you watch if you had you know this week to watch ?
t_con how did you feel it went ? It went pretty good . Uh-huh . -- t_con I brought a lot of family together then .
How do you expect them to do this year ? Yeah I lived in Chicago . Well that's all right .
Well did you get good results ? Well no t_con I just used a semigloss . Actually the wall behind the paper was smooth
t_con it goes across with you ? Yes . Yes . t_con your car is on a ferry ?
I wonder if he'd ever do that . I don't know wo- - As a matter of fact there was some talk about trying to get him involved with the team management in some sort of a coaching job .
t_laugh Eat a lot . gosh . t_con some put up the volleyball net and sit around and tell stories and catch up and play volleyball all day and get really fat t_laugh  . -- t_con everybody brings lots of food
Where have you gone there ? We've gone to Germany Switzerland Austria Ireland and England . Yeah . We've really enjoyed them .
is this some sort of a disease t_con is # it a pest ? # t_laugh  . What kind of a - Yeah
Have you seen that one yet ? Yeah . I haven't seen that . Uh-huh .
t_con you actually enjoy it Oh do . with pretty nice .
Well whose going to really make them . Yeah . We going to say Okay you're guilty and you have to pay Kuwait four million dollars . -- like you know the old day with the rack .
-- that make sense ? Yes Right . even I think the random drug testing I don't know in my own mind if it has reduced the athletes from taking drugs because they're still being caught --
-- t_con when did you guys vote him into office ? unfortunately nineteen ninety . Right . Senators are in for six years right --
How did he do that ? t_empty we went to the bathroom in the bathroom . He was a clean animal
-- does that make since to you ? Yeah Right . -- and became purely a caricature --
It was a little easier though wasn't it ? yeah not that I really think that they were perfect ten twenty or thirty years ago It sure is .
How big do they get ? well the channel catfish get up to - t_con they try to hit you with their tails . Uh-huh .
June ? We were in Mesa Verde Park In fact it snowed on us in gosh when was that ? t_con both times it was really pleasant .
Well who would you say is your favorite player or has ever been your favorite player ? Ever been ? They may get hurt or not be able to participate at that level if you know - uh-huh .
How did you get rid of them ? Dursban Two . wow . It's like t_laugh I'm not standing in a mound though .
what do you think you would offer as far as information about selecting a school ? Well first I think they've got to have a pretty good idea of what they want to do . the first thing - Okay well
Have you tried much with it ? t_empty do you find it useable ? Well what do you think about the metric system ?
Do you watch it every Sunday ? when I can . Yeah . t_con now they're really playing as a team .
Have you received many ? I haven't here lately . Oh t_laugh  . I just receive them t_laugh  .
how about you ? On the whole I'm pleased when I have an opportunity to hear just the facts . t_con I'm real pleased with the quality of the news we get t_con I think they do a real good job .
Did you enjoy it ? What ? I'm from Indiana I had never been out of Texas or out of Indiana much out of the United States .
you think that would have a major effect ? Well that would put a lot of criminals out of business for a while anyway . Legalize marijuana . Like what ?
It would be fun just to win one wouldn't it t_laugh  ? Yes that hadn't crossed my mind . t_con if we wanted it to take people out it's a good thought .
You did that recently too uh ? Yes . We just did that too . What is your most recent -
what do you think are some current trends in the way families spend time together based on what you've seen . I think that it's getting to where they're not spending time together . Okay t_empty
Are you from originally . right here in Maryland . t_con moved out in eighty-nine . Moved down there in eighty-seven
You spent that much on your dresses ? Yeah t_con it was I think over a hundred dollars . t_con that was I believe a Leslie Faye dress
have you ever served as a juror ? Never . Okay t_empty
what your opinion of wha- a good router is like ? t_empty -- know My br- used it a lot for making drawers .
where was Was that downtown Yeah . really .
t_con who how about you ? No uh-huh . my husband does .
How about yourself ? Well I don't know . t_con I hope they can do better . Yeah .
t_con you know whatever became of Peter Frampton . there was nothing - Yeah ugh I didn't like that either .
What's yours ? Do you agree I know . -- solid ideas .
You just managed to escape the real Texan accent Yeah . I don't know . whatever .
I don't know what the crime is like where you are t_con the crime rate here is just astronomical . Particularly in our area . Right .
Well what else can we d- uh talk about so you listen to kind of church music gospel ? t_laugh  . Yes .
how about yourself ? Well I'm interested in woodworking . turn cut . So yeah .
Are pretty steep compared to most countries ? Actually I don't think we are . I doubt about that . come rolling towards whatever it's rolling toward .
What kind of work do you do ? I'm a nurse . Enj- it t_laugh  . - I work too .
Now what can you do to stop that ? I don't know . Yeah t_laugh  . mostly .
So what do you think about it ? t_empty Okay . t_empty
How do you put trees in there ? you just happy that there's trees already there so far It's solid limestone . it is .
Do you ? Yes No Do you have any children ?
Where do we get that from ? Yes Yes . t_con I think a lot of kids t_aside get the same kind of fears like there's somebody under the bed .
What sort of regiment do you have ? Well I just got back from biking twelve and a half miles I do it every day on a regular basis . I think it's a -
t_con should I start ? Go right ahead . do you want to start okay .
# how long have # you lived in North Carolina ? Well not that long . Yeah  . Boy what a help that is .
have you ever done any painting outside ? quite a bit t_con it's worked out pretty well for us . that's good .
did you see TWIN PEAKS ? Huh-uh you have to like - you have to just sort of like this thing
Brigham Young . Yeah . Yeah . okay .
then is it worth it at all . Yeah . Right Well I guess it's one of those things that if it's going to really promote a lasting peace if there is not going to be a peace -
Do you receive a lot of information on skiing through the SKI MAGAZINE ? I presume that I do . t_con I take it that you like to ski . That's a good one I like to get t_laugh  .
t_laugh Down here ? Yeah in fact I've played golf on New Year's Day one year . Same with us from Minnesota .
Well what can we do about the the the the air conditioning problem ? Well they're working now - and having all kinds of effects And I can't help believe if it's sufficient enough to make the atmosphere lose it's ozone layer that it's not acting as a pollutant in our lungs also
Did you take it to a dealership ? No real bad . Yeah .
You know the guy when he first headed out from the army post . Yeah . A little piece of trivia . Do you know who the guy was that was playing the wagon driver ?
What about all wheel drive ? Is that something that you'd be interested in Probably till the kids are out of high school anyway . I think that we're going to be owning a mini van for some years to come .
Really ? Yeah . To be honest with you I probably watch college a little bit more than I do pro . -- you know he -
Were they ? Uh-uh . They all were tapped into C N N . # C B S . #
Well in interviewing have you ever discussed benefits with some of the potential employers ? No okay  . okay
or do they just all have young kids . Um yeah Do do you have friends with older children We- d- do any of your friends have have uh older children that they do anything with .
Do you watch that ? I used to I think the greatest complaint about news programs is programs like SIXTY MINUTES . I don't know which that answer is .
# t_con t_laugh  . # Where did you get your recipe for it ? I guess mostly out of an international cookbook that I have . Oh # t_laugh  . # That's really weird that you said that because for a dinner party mine is chicken in a marsala wine sauce
Was it ? t_empty That is fabulous . I wish we got that what -
Well what do your cats do besides sitting and purring and letting you pet them t_laugh  . t_empty  . - Yeah
Now is there anything or big rocks a person could hike around this area . I'm not acquainted with any you know -- is just really fantastic . Sure .
are you a student t_con are you in the work force are you going - t_con one things that they're saying now -
Well do you think that there will continue to always be crazies ? Sure . Uh-huh . t_con I think that's the problem that we need to address is why these people want to kill other people rather than the instrument they particularly used in the assault --
If it would came later it would be all right ? like the oaks seem to be pretty hardy . Is that right ? that's because it can't tolerate a freeze this early .
So do you think Russia's still a threat ? Well I guess I'm maybe naive All righty . t_empty
You all don't have any other children around there ? No Yes . t_con you only have the the stepdaughter at home ?
t_con where exactly are you in terms of like Sarasota ? East of Sarasota . t_con they just add it on to your water bill or something . okay  .
do they really ? definitely . I had a friend I know that E D S has a very strict dress code
t_con Have you have a computer for yourself at home ? No . t_con it provides other means other than just strict you know computations and so on t_con I can like check up on the weather around the country or whatever which is a hobby .
Did you both work ? Your wife too ? No We look back and wonder how we did it . # yeah . #
Have you heard anything on like OUT FOR JUSTICE . I haven't heard anything about it . it should be a while yet though . I'm not sure when it will be hitting video stores
do you have a pet Randy ? yeah t_empty t_empty
# Have # you been able to do that all along Pretty much it is . Yes
if they don't make a criminal check why do you have to be fingerprinted . t_con in our case one is at the state and the other one is at the federal level . # Because you have to de- with the I N You know . - Well I don't understand
Well does the company you work for test for drugs ? Actually they just recently started a policy of testing drugs which was kind of interesting t_empty t_empty
t_con I just wondered you know if the whole area was like that # t_laugh or # - #  . # Well that's area over there is not as expensive as in the immediate you know Washington area . Yeah that's not unusual yeah .
do you go by the ads when you look at them or the reviews ? Do they influence you a lot . How about some of the ads Yeah .
In the summer or like in the Easter time like around now ? No yeah . # yeah
What about in our work ethics ? Work ethics t_laugh  . Is there anything else ? Uh-huh .
It was an L X ? Yes what ? I'm still here .
what are your feelings ? I saw on one of the talk shows this woman judge I believe from Florida yeah Yeah
where's some reference to this goddamn State of Texas and the role that they played either leading up to or in the Civil War . isn't much there was there ? all this Civil War pride . Uh-huh .
he must have a definite profession in mind . No t_con he must know is he interested in law or medicine t_con it was a very difficult choice
Who are the trumpet players ? Well we used to have Ralph Dutchen . Uh-huh  . In fact I sing with a Texas baroque ensemble .
Isn't that wonderful ? that is wonderful . how exciting . -- they left this morning for England .
You do in your home ? Yes We have one . Do you have a personal computer ?
anything else crossed your mind . I guess most of us go by the audio which is the television or the radio . Surely do . They do .
Sitting on a computer ? Yeah . t_con what are you doing ? # Really .
What's your major ? Finance . Well how neat . t_con between what I make in the summer and student loans that's how I go to college .
It probably slipped loose didn't it ? Well actually that wasn't even eventually the problem . t_con I got there and tried to - -- that didn't do the trick
So what kind of car do you drive right now ? it's a Sky Hawk Buick . Yeah . right .
You know what I meant with rain t_laugh  . Right yeah . Okay
What do you do Georgeanne ? I'm a graduate student at the University of Texas in Dallas . Uh-huh . kind of takes away from the significance of the death penalty .
t_laugh Are you eating ? go ahead t_con I hope she's turned it in . I finished mine up about eleven and left it here with Carolyn
How are we going to fix that Tanya ? t_laugh How are we going to make that happen ? Uh-huh . I would like to see the money that's been budgeted for new prisons being put into the research of alternate solutions to the problem .
Are s- they twins ? Yeah two fourteen year olds will be fifteen on the fourth of July are any of your kids driving age yet ?
So then were they successful ? Yeah t_con they had to get out of there . Oh .
Do you know where that is ? Yes . okay . Rowlett Texas .
Do you use patterns t_con do you go out an buy a kit like for a bib or something like that . t_con it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them . t_con you know those don't take much time at all .
Are you from Dallas area ? Yeah very good . Uh-huh .
I cook mine well do you have a black iron skillet ? I did have . No ? Huh-uh .
what difference does it make . Right . Total indifference you know That's true .
t_con # if William Kennedy Smith had been found guilty you believe he should have been executed ? t_empty # I see t_con I think that things like rape you can't get over # it takes a lifetime . #
How do you like it ? It's been a while since I read the Dallas news . -- from cover to cover . Yeah .
Have you ? We have been there . yes . Yes
# Does it just want to sniff around ? # it runs right # inside it gets frustrating when you take it outside we try to take it you know -
Did you see GHOST ? Yes . -- I think . Uh-huh .
Did he actually play in the Pro Bowl . I remember he was like a backup -- pretty impressed with him so far . Yeah .
we were wondering if they had any special law for the horses in Central Park . Right Uh-huh . I was living in northern Jersey when that law came through remember hearing all about it
Do you like Iowa ? it some good things about it Yeah . that's how I feel too .
# How can it work ? # Is it working ? well I don't know . # Well then how can a democracy work then ?
what do you have any feelings as to the trends that you see ? t_empty That's for sure that's for sure .
Well England has a large welfare ? Yes Though I tend to be skeptical . arguably is because of welfare state benefits . -
Out of which direction from there ? West -- Colorado Springs . out of which direction ?
t_con they ask you to declare beforehand what prescription drugs you are taking ? Right . t_con you have to tell them what they are taking a prescription for . t_con they will look for I guess any kind of drugs
t_con I don't know what do you think some of the long term repercussions might be ? well you know I just see this Middle East situation with Russia and everything there that's happened I think that that crisis has kind of slowed down t_con I don't know . t_con I think they just have a whole different world than we do
are you familiar with the International Baccalaureate program . Well yeah In the what ? I B program at Garland .
do you like living in an older home and restoring it like that ? yeah substantially you know . t_con we live about ten miles from probably three or four not large towns but you know reasonable .
What do we think about them ? Uh-huh . What do they think about Texans ? What about people from Pennsylvania .
do you have any pets ? Yeah Okay t_empty
What's the name of that again ? It's called Uncle Julio's . It's on Walnut and Greenville . Never heard of that place .
about that woman . Yeah . Yeah I've seen the same thing on L A LAW as well .
re- really dumb huh . Yeah . Yeah wastes # your future .
What kind of car is it ? It's a Buick Century . Right . t_con you know that's a sign that I'm going to have to do something sooner or later .
Did you go with kids ? Excuse me ? -- # t_con how it fits with the character # right . # Did you go with kids though ? #
t_con what were you doing when you were using an Apple two E ? t_empty I would imagine so . Yeah
# How many what ages ? t_laugh  . # you laugh . Yeah t_laugh  . #  . #
t_con you know for what . Yeah . t_con when come time to get out of school I thought Boy I'd like to teach . Uh-huh .
# The whole thing ? # Yeah . about maybe close to a year ago now I guess I helped my dad add on another bedroom on to his house . I'm not in the middle of anything .
is that right ? yeah . See you're from California -- and stuff .
Do you know what I mean ? Yeah what is that have on him running for president . Uh-huh .
Do you belong to that ? No uh-huh . yes
t_con they probably went through the - t_con he hadn't done the right one . Uh-huh They thought there was really something wrong with it when he told them he had already done the switch .
Is that right ? Yeah It's the same thing that's on the radio word for word . Uh-huh .
what else ? t_empty goodness t_con That's an interesting issue though .
It's not all that long ago is it t_laugh  . yeah to - let's see t_con it's a lot different all though I guess twenty years a go now in this area things were similar because twenty years ago -
They're cheaper there ? Well t_con it's you know the Indians I don't think they pay tax . t_con they really thought they were getting a big discount . t_con somebody that went with me bought a carton for ten dollars and something
are you have a family ? I'm married . Yeah . t_con I'm always asking where in the state you know the person is from if they're in Texas .
Did it work out pretty well in the end ? did a couple of people sort of gradually sort of assume sort of a moderator role in the trial That's interesting . That's about what it was .
It kind of crept in Yeah yeah . yeah
how could he say it was t_empty t_con people were really down on him for reporting the fact that th- isn't a baby milk factory t_con while he was being severely censored and could not make any judgment call on this it was fairly obvious that it was a piece of propaganda
Now that do you agree that they should all be unanimous ? t_empty I can't think of many alternatives that could be more fair than having twelve people decide although it's difficult because they all have to be new- Uh-huh .
I don't know if you kept up t_con he's been protesting there I know you know John Wylie Price Uh-huh .
t_con I don't know if you've heard of Plano # No . # I live in Plano actually t_con they test test test .
t_con do you do a lot of skiing there ? not tons I only skied once my whole life t_laugh  . really ?
t_con how do you feel about guns ? Let's see yeah ? I think that's a the law ever since Kennedy was assassinated  .
You have any children ? No I'm sure . Our next vacation will be scuba diving
What do you think about Houston ? Houston . Their only time they lost . t_con they beat the Saints .
how is Texas about keeping your children out of public schools do they allow it ? It's an interesting thing you want to do . Uh-huh .
do you have any hobbies that you like to do ? yes . Okay . I guess we're be- recorded .
actually you said you lived near Baltimore ? Yeah . Yeah t_laugh jeez .
t_con how about you do you have any pets ? t_con we haven't found one yet . we'd like to get him a friend
What do you think Doug of Mister Johnson ? t_empty I think that it would be a good thing for the government to increase funding for medical research in general . t_con I don't necessarily think that they should fund AIDS research and in the process neglect cancer research or whatever .
What about Mustang G T -s ? Mustang G T -s ? t_con they seem to be really good cars for it . t_con I seen a few of them actually race
Well how about having a j- and a judge work together on it somehow ? I wonder if that's possible ? you're the person's fate . -- that are going to decide you know
Do you work for T I ? No really . Yeah
Well what kind of cash ? I've forgotten what they going to do . Well that great . Right .
t_con where are you ? Where am I ? Ours don't start until next week . Not yet .
-- what ones do you get into ? I don't even remember -- t_con then I'll just forget it . Oh --
How many times have you called t_con have you been participating in this ? There've been some interesting subject that they've called about . I don't really have much to comment about it .
You let them out and let them fly around and everything ? Well no have a ball with them . En- them ?
t_laugh  . Did they get the serious problem that half the people don't vote . Yeah Yeah it'll be interesting to see how the next few years go .
t_con do you receive discounts and things like that do you think - -- from ski associations and things at the year . Oh .
When did you live there ? in the sixties . their accents differed a little in the family -- Really .
t_con you have a break too . Right t_con he can have time with him an . Yeah .
What about you ? I used to have a ton of gas credit cards t_con as far as like MasterCard and Visa we don't use those too often . because we like to be able to stop you know when we're traveling and stuff wherever there's a station
t_con did they give you drug testing ? not - Uh-huh t_con I just do warehouse work .
What was - # Woodstock ? # -- fourteen years old . Woodstock .
like do you do technician work or something ? no are you in a tech really
Do you buy it at some major store ? Yeah Uh-huh . t_con we're going to get just take it back
Not hard rock . t_empty Well not hard t_laugh  . Hard rock ?
Okay . do you have young children ? Uh-huh t_empty t_empty
what else could we change ? t_empty Maybe . -- not my degree which is I think kind of bizarre .
Are you both from Utah originally ? No -- t_con they're usually quite similar I think . Uh-huh .
Do you make cheesecake ? uh-huh . -- t_con it is when the strawberries are nice and big and fresh and yummy . - It just takes forever --
t_con was it stuff that was already # enclosed ? # # It was brand # new . Did you framed it in f- t_con it's just what I have to do more or less around the house you know for my parents
Do you know ? No Well I don't know do we just terminate this or do you have to talk for a certain amount of time ? Yeah .
t_con what do you do for a job ? I build transformers . Yeah . t_con that's a good thing .
how old is she ? She's ninety-two . Yeah t_con just come over and visit grandma because she gets very disoriented .
do they allow it ? Yeah . how is Texas about keeping your children out of public schools It's an interesting thing you want to do .
how do you isolate them ? You get a -- - You always have to isolate those . Right .
Do you prefer all trials by a judge ? No Yeah . T V shows .
Well what newspapers do you read in Dallas ? we have the DALLAS TIMES HERALD and the DALLAS MORNING NEWS Right . you don't even know about it .
well wh- do you say that actually ? too few Americans are working . Yeah # t_con also b # that we don't take in enough .
you do actually grow a garden to produce food ? Yes . t_con every year I grow a garden . t_con we do a lot of things with perennials and also a few annual plants
Is there a limit ? I have no idea . t_con there's no limit . can you actually catch those
well what movies do you like ? Gosh Okay t_empty
t_con I'll bet that means your state sales tax is pretty high . No Which is probably pretty nice Uh-huh t_laugh  .
about yourself ? Well I have to say I really don't have a budget . t_con you need to make sure all your bills are paid . t_con really
Do you ? I was going to ask you you know as far as how we're getting compensated for what we're doing right now - Okay . I do .
how high is the highest elevation ? I couldn't even tell you . t_con it's pretty like windy and hilly . I'm at Clairon .
How about you ? Cincinnati actually . okay . Stockton .
Are you looking in the paper ? Yeah . t_pause t_con what else has been on and about . t_con it was all right kind of funny .
t_con were they criminal or civil ? They were civil . They were just you know small time cases where trailers and banks were involved you know . what sorts of cases were they ?
It's more humid in Utah than there ? Uh-huh . t_con it seems wetter or something like that . it's like really humid
Wha- are you working on  ? A Masters in information systems . one of my instructors said that they were doing something like this Wh- you get to know about the T I thing ?
What do you think of a pension that goes from one company to the other like an account I been thinking about that for years # as # far as retirement is concerned . # Right . #
# t_con how big is it ? # bedroom . t_con my apartment is three fifteen a month like I live in an apartment
L A area ? no . Uh-huh . You from California right ?
you like that one ? I love it MAJOR DAD . well so what is your favorite T V show ?
Because they are complicated haven't they ?  . Yes . yeah . Right
t_pause what type of utilizations do you make of it ? Word processing obviously . Okay . I think that's about where it is .
is it five or three . Okay I don't know is that five minutes
What is your name by the way ? I'm Ann . I did forget to ask you . t_empty
What about when would people do it when they finished high school ? I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal because a lot of times i- they go straight into college I think they're going in too quick t_con I've taught C P R training t_con I have done Red Clo- work
Well I was going to ask too does your wife work ? she didn't up until the last six months . What's your experience ? Yeah .
what's that Saint Jack or something . # Yeah # yeah t_con you pour it over rice
# Did you hear my printer # in the background . I'm sorry . Wow . # # really ?
I bet it doesn't mix well does it ? Yeah t_con if you get a sour strawberry - ther- much better
Do you have one ? No Yeah . Well as a matter of fact I'm working on my P C at home .
do you want to give a start on it ? Well I think for me - t_empty t_empty
they will huh ? Yeah . t_con occasionally they'll have a random urinalysis . they do it before you go in
Do you work for Texas Instruments ? No It is interesting . It was really interesting .
# Potato salad and # - # down for years  . Every family brings a dish of some kind t_con you just bring the covered dishes .
Have you ever tried Chinese type green beans ? The Chinese type . t_con it makes them pretty tasty . Uh-huh .
How about yourself ? Yeah . t_con primarily mine is T V news . I quite frequently glance through headlines or in the newspaper .
does your work entitle anything of environmental along these lines ? Me in the legal department Right . t_con we are to just discuss what substances do you think that contribute most to air pollution as well as what society can do to improve the air quality of the atmosphere around us .
# Well have you done any jogging ? I tell you you said you did on the bike and on the treadmill in the # club . # well good . # Well good
t_con what's the one comes on after that . It's a new one t_con we usually catch FULL HOUSE they're pretty young .
# Do you # ever - t_empty It worked out real well too . Uh-huh .
Do you cook breakfa- every morning not every morning Yeah that's good .
for a car ? Yeah . What's your favorite color ? -- t_laugh I would pick out one that you know t_laugh looked really nice .
where are you from ? Virginia . t_laugh I don't know Texans talk to other people .
t_con building supplies place . No . do you have Lowe's up there ? I don't know
well if you're ready then - Okay . Okay My name is Carolyn .
what do you think about the idea of providing one for somebody like that ? well - I've had a couple of ads for provide a card for a college student . t_con he's heading off with any kind of luck
What are you studying down there ? Physics . So I'm haven't made use of that . I pays for my
You don't have any kids you want to send over here ? t_laugh  . t_laugh No I sure don't t_laugh  . No
How do you usually find a new restaurant ? well my husband's kind of the eth- I think we're supposed to say what will bring us back to a restaurant or what attracts us to a restaurant . Yeah .
what do they call them ? The marching band or something ? Yeah . t_con thank God for small favors the - Uh-huh .
t_con when was this . I graduated in eighty-six . I sure did . uh-huh .
But ar- do you have any ideal what you're going into when you graduate . Um graduate school t_laugh  . t_laugh That's true . That's not much of a challenge .
Let me ask you something can I run a minute and shut my radio off ? sure . Okay . I'm over here in Plano Texas .
I would be curious to know what you thought as to how like say C N N T V news compared to the three networks . you know whether you thought it was more of a biased or whatever I just wonde- I guess . Did you think that C N N would be kind of an abnormality ?
have you been out working and then gone back to school t_con are you go directly from high school into college ? what kind of - t_con you go my gosh where did it all go t_laugh  .
Do you know ? I think we can hang up anytime t_laugh  . t_con how long do we need to talk ? t_laugh  . Yeah .
# From # acid rain ? I guess . From something that the car was giving # t_con they were losing a lot of trees # and a lot of # - It's not an area that is industry
How far west have you been ? Only in Ohio . huh-uh . No
How about your family ? t_empty Sure . that's true .
-- how way back t_laugh Like late fifties early sixties . Well actually I'm a Dodgers fan from way back . Right .
rides or runs ? Rides rough ? Do you like the way it rides and stuff ? yeah .
How old are they ? I've got a little girl who's six and a little girl that's three . Yeah . Fun for them .
# is that in # term t_empty # It's more rural # What type of area is that
t_con it's kind of distressing isn't it ? Yeah . I've noticed that too -- on a lot of issues .
I was going to say do you know any other country singers that you would you know the women do you like the - Yeah do you know any - So t_con it's good .
You don't think that's strange looking . t_empty I've been out there before I know where Valley is
do things like plant bushes and trees ? o- in the common areas and in the island . -- unless you don't want them to do it . Uh-huh .
I don't know di- old you are t_con it seems to me like the last newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that I wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite . t_con I started questioning just how bias they really were Well I had heard a couple of people you know that I had talked to about certain programs say that you know they had read other things besides what SIXTY MINUTES presented and that they didn't present it nearly the same way as the you know news articles or whatever they had already been familiar with .
Yo- know what I'm saying ? That w- don't have capital punishment . t_con I think that the reason they are full is because they know that they can get away with it . -- and that they have to do something .
t_con is it ? - Ours is not a working farm t_laugh  . is it a working farm Yeah
How about you ? Well I guess you know Yeah . Right .
Do you have any others t_con is this mainly cross-stitching ? It was tough -- that was a real good one to do .
How about you ? I'm pretty much for it . Yeah . Really ?
How's the weather been out there ? Well the last three days it's been pretty rainy . Okay . t_empty
Why Kingsley Iowa ? Well t_con that's where my folks all came from . What the hell for ? t_con I've got a HISTORY OF KINGSLEY IOWA
Ready to get started ? yeah Hi . Hi Donna .
# you're # kidding . no . # right now # if you ask my friends t- put twenty mothers in a room and ask them how many have gifted children you're going to have twenty hands you know # up there . # t_con you think about that .
What are you ? we've not been having many opportunities to see movies lately . How about you ? I can't the last name .
you note it's only a small number of people have actually come back yet . Yeah . they claim that's why we're still there . Yeah
t_con what about the whole situation with the refugees the Kurds ? Well I would just think if Bush was so successful in lining up the correlation to prosecute a war then he should be equally successful in getting that same correlation to push the United Nations to somehow persuade those nations to give the Kurds a homeland Right . Right .
I do not know how your folks were t_con I sure knew as heck when I was growing up that my parents were t_laugh the superior And discipline . Right .
g- that's anywhere . Yeah # Where have you gone first ? # # I'm wanting to go there . #
Well what kind of blue ? You want blue ? t_con it has been about three or four years of playing around with flowers to de- which ones actually grow here . -- quite formal .
well is it Tahoe ? Where you ski from no I guess there's a place where you can ski -- t_con they ski .
so what are your views on capital punishment ? I have ambivalent feelings because I don't think it serves as a kind of deterrent we would like to think it is . Okay t_empty
t_con what's the difference ? Idi Amin was you know in power for so long . In South Africa I think they are yeah t_pause  .
-- t_con you did them yourself ? no You had those # poured # -- -- twenty-two inch piers something like that .
Do you all have can banks ? not that I know of t_laugh  . I never heard of that  . t_con they pick them up .
now were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through no Yeah . everyone coming in gets through the drug test .
# Where # are you from ? I'm in Raleigh North Carolina . I'm in # Nor- # - # All right . #
t_laugh What did you think about that idea ? Well I thought well that might be possible since there are a lot of men in control of that kind of thing . t_con having thought about that for a while - one of those shows I saw was taking it from the angle that since it doesn't effect men it's not going to get funded .
Do you have any particular thoughts about the school system ? I'm not sure if it's more a problem with American families or a problem with the school system . t_empty t_empty
That's the same way here isn't it ? Is it ? Right . -- t_con unless you have a boat you can't really get into the good fishing holes you know .
What part of the country are you in ? boy this is going to be tough I'm in Plano t_laugh  . Well I'm talking to you from Dallas . t_empty
you still did what you do now . yeah . did you go do the board games and stuff what did you do when you were younger
# t_con you know you know what's really funny ? I've had a Texas accent # Yes . You're pretty Texan .
t_con you know . - Yeah t_con they might complain about the place all the time even though it's the best place in the whole world they could be just because they want to make you feel guilty for putting them in there you know how are you sure that the home is really as good as it is because once you put someone into there you know they may not like the fact that they've been put in there
Is bot- return down there a heated debate ? Well no it really is . t_con it's interesting what people get upset about
t_con what's the name of this book again ? CORONARY CHOLESTEROL AND CHLORINE . t_con E P A never published that report . t_con in fact he everyone there was a toxicologist for the Environmental Protection Agency who did work back in nineteen eighty-six who wrote a letter to Dr . Price in nineteen eighty-seven . t_con in this letter he praised Dr . Price for the work he did back in the sixties on this and said that E P A had been doing experiments on nonhuman primates and proving that ingestion of chlorine causes arteriosclerosis .
t_laugh They would have to chop down the door and get you out I guess . t_laugh  . t_laugh Yeah . I'd sleep right through it t_laugh  . t_con that probably wouldn't bother me .
Was she show big when you where in school since you haven't been out that long ? Was what ? t_laugh her disposition's gone downhill . Maybe cause she got chubby again or something
Are they ? Yeah . Mine are actually the lowest in the neighborhood . Have you found in talking to your neighbors that your utilities are quite a bit higher with those high ceilings ?
Anyway well the question is you know do you think i- does make a difference in whether or not a criminal commits a crime t_con do you think it can if it's done right ? I don't remember myself . I don't remember .
Well what do you think of this U S free trade agreement we're working on with Mexico ? Well I think it's long overdue -- - Sure .
t_con can we predict ? would like to a- that they're going to do better this coming year What do you think going to happen to the Rangers ? it sure was .
What is your most recent - We just did that too . t_con interesting enough this time we're changing the color which makes it an addition . Certainly
Well are you into that rock music you know all that druggy stuff and all that t_empty Uh-huh . got a bunch of retirees and put them in leather jackets and blue jeans .
Have you done any recently ? t_empty Any kind of recent painting you've done yourself ? Mike I guess we'll be talking about painting recently .
Do you have problems with them eating each other ? No You lost an investment I bet it is .
Is that all ? A week . just about a week . they don't want to hear that .
is it like a foreign exchange type student ? Huh-uh . t_con she's into this . Oh .
You ready ? Yeah . t_empty t_empty
t_con that's probably a pretty nice place to go t_pause  . Yeah Yeah part of them are .
Do you know if they have child care there ? t_laugh have you done your attitude survey for this year yet ? Huh . I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center .
did you ever see AMERICAN GRAFFITI ? No Do you remember - you know that's who the guy is .
so you have a few more years . Right You're a sophomore I'm a sophomore .
this late ? Uh-huh . Really We could still have a frost .
you know you probably read BACK TO EDEN or something I don't know all my relatives my m- - anyway I had a friend that read a book on that
# The Soviet # space # exhibit ? # # Uh-huh . # t_con she and the three boys and my husband and I went over into Fort Worth to see the space exhibit # # in January
you're in Lewisville . # Uh-huh . # you do work at T I ? I work at T I .
long way down the road right . Yeah Yeah t_con we haven't discussed this at all t_laugh  .
Is this going to be fun t_laugh  ? Yeah  . Right . Like my gosh .
t_con you think if trials were held by judges or experts that they would tend not to admit people on circumstantial evidence ? I think so . I don't know . t_con how can you convict somebody on circumstantial evidence is beyond me .
So what do the Miatas run ? those are - Yeah . # t_laugh Oh . #
he hopes to be a writer . Yes What does - even this year Jay had an aptitude test
t_laugh Have you ever been to Ewaldes now there's if you like Cont- - I need an excuse t_laugh  . You got one coming .
have you ever had to plan a family reunion ? yes Okay Right .
Indianapolis got that didn't they ? Right . right fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines .
Sounds like you pretty much agree . Yeah t_con you have to hunt hard for them . Yeah
Do you sew at all ? I used to - t_con I've made a few garments . t_con I've taken some classes
what year are they looking at ? Well they're not . When do they assume this is going to be proposed or mandatory ? t_con I just don't think it would work .
How about you ? t_laugh  . Quite frequently . - Well we vacation a lot . Okay .
t_con is it pretty dry . It's pretty dry . Does Dallas get high humidity ? Yeah .
well they might be car pooling too . Do they car pool in ? Yeah It's means they have to drive a little bit
t_con time wise how long t_empty it's still on to the best of my knowledge . How long did that movie run ?
Wouldn't it be nice if you could get a credit back at the end of the year t_laugh  . for those who are really cooperating . I don't know . Yeah .
Is that the stuff that koala bears eat in Australia or something ? Yeah Yeah . in the last five years I've used so much of it that
I don't know if you've heard Neurotic Collection . Yes I like is it the New Age music like with the - I like a lot like
You have health insurance ? Yes I don't think you - -- and then try and somehow subsidize it in a way that's more fair .
So when you say the morning news or evening news or national news is when ? every evening at six thirty I believe wow . t_con I tune in to C N N a lot .
Well where do you think they are heading this year ? it's hard to say . -- when we get that It will .
t_con do you get money for it ? No t_con I don't know if they get a back on it I just know that my in-laws up in Oklahoma that's how they do it up
you're in the styles that they have started building in the last couple years with the real high ceilings Yes . Yes t_con it's typical of t- other homes in our neighborhood too .
Do they go to a day-care center t_con do they stay at - t_con it's been quite a few years since I've had to think about that . Oh .
# Is that scary ? # t_con it's like I going to take this home and study it # before I can help you . when I was in high school . I tutor a girl that's in eighth grade
A big one ? Yeah . he was fast . t_con he was in a bad way .
Is it ? well yeah . Uh-huh . well not her necessarily other people that have been there have said that it is too commercialized .
How do you think the Steelers are going to do this year . You have any idea . Uh-huh . there are very few Black quarterbacks or at least that are starting anyway .
Do you want to start ? I can go ahead and start All set . Okay .
What will you - I'm a photographer now . Well actually I've found out that I'm not going to go back to being an engineer . t_laugh Is that what you're saying ?
t_con who do you thinks going to win the playoffs ? I don't know t_con it was really kind of interesting t_pause  . t_con it was only like a couple dollars to get in
well they're Brooklyn boys I guess . Yeah Well that's good they weren't scared very much you know t_laugh  .
Do you - t_con you enjoy them t_con there won't be as many activities . It's not going to be too many more years before I you know they'll be gone
ready ? Yep . Okay Right .
Is that not good ? she could a little bit . Now why couldn't your wife run around the golf course ? you just don't see it anywhere else as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot .
Do you that kind of computer ? I like it t_con yo- used your son's Macintosh then ? Yeah .
Which one is it ? It's Wood # It's # real cute it's got a little vaulted ceiling and mirrored - # Yeah . #
t_con well don't you all have a pretty high crime rate up there ? Well yeah Sure . Boy they sure advertise them you know nowadays .
What about the domestic effects like I was thinking that maybe the most important effect it had was to make it possible and even popular to criticize the government . t_con the Cambodians weren't even supposed to be involved . you know the -
what do you think about our like other government agencies testing ? Do you think our government agencies should test ? t_con  . Let's see what else was I going to say here . Yeah .
You mean where you sack your own groceries . Yeah . if you have grocery bags you can take them and use them instead of getting new ones . You can like -
they plastered over drywall . Yeah I don't really know . Maybe it isn't drywall .
Did you put them up in other peoples houses t_con did you have hotel rooms they came from all over . # They did . #
How are rents doing ? I haven't looked at rents in a long time . Mine's just a one bedroom place kind of depends on what you're looking for .
what would you have Yeah Well you know that brings up the interesting subject too you know Like to have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and t_laugh -
Have you heard of it ? I've seen the ads for it Is that right . DEFENDING YOUR LIFE .
Did you replace just the bendix on the Chrysler station wagon or the whole starter ? I'm replacing the two or three starters on the Chrysler . Yeah . a Maverick and also a Chrysler station wagon before that .
Since we're not supposed to talk about this though is there anything more intensive for the eye area than the eye cream ? t_empty Great  . t_con I'm my best customer .
# t_con you t_laugh know what # I'm saying # Yeah . In fact I did have to take my dog to the vet the other day # t_laugh  . # right .
t_con what's things that you look for when you go out to dinner ? t_empty Okay t_laugh  . I'm ready t_laugh  .
Have you seen the movie CROSSING DELANCY ? Yeah . We've seen that movie probably six times in the last six months . I live with a roommate and my girlfriend the three of us .
What it like camping in the desert and California t_empty I can't say I've checked them all out though . I think there's quite a few .
# Have you been to southern Florida ? Yeah -- po- # and economically . # my gosh .
Well what do you think ? Well providing universal health care insurance for the whole country is a pretty big task Hi . t_empty
did you hear about this Lotus data base that was being put together ? Yes you don't have anyway to turn it off . Yeah .
Nina and Cliff ? -- that's how they left the show but not in real life . Did they marry ? he's out for good .
like a Miata or something like that ? Well I like the Miata t_con I'm looking for more a two passenger car that - Uh-huh .
Have you been married for long ? No . t_con hopefully our budget will in increase then . She will move in with me in June
Who are you ? by the way may name's Julie . -- I've never seen you before t_laugh  . -- probably at all .
do you have any children ? Yes How about you real good child care at a pretty reasonable price we think .
So do you have an opinion on credit cards ? I do t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
Are you close to getting it done ? Yeah t_con how wonderful . t_con course I've been working on it for five years
The Peace Corps itself is really a dying out isn't it ? I really don't know that much about it t_con I can see the advantage to that one . Yeah .
Did you want me to go ahead ? I'll let you go ahead and start yeah . Okay . t_empty
# Where is tha- # - # right next to # Village Green Woodhollow - listen to me I can't even think of the name of my own apartment .
what how Who's going to run it you know Yeah .
t_con yo- got the three fifty in the van ? Yeah t_con sure enjoyed it . traded it in on the Chevy van .
It is convenient isn't it ? Right . I think you're right although I think that may be an excuse for people too . t_con I think the drugs play a tremendous part in the theft and the violence that we see .
How is it ? It was fantastic . I just saw the latest one . How about yourself ?
do you # guys smoke ? # # We don't either . # Yeah yeah .
Cities have a mandatory recycling ? there some places that are strongly encouraging it t_con that's interesting . t_con it's all voluntary .
What do you use ? Well I have an I B M P S two model thirty . Yeah . t_con I've become so accustomed to it that it's second nature .
after all who writes . People who are journalist who are trained to write Absolutely . Yeah .
Is that right ? Yeah . actually I'm a Red Sox fan more than anything . So you're probably a Baltimore fan right an Oriole fan ?
So how do you get most of your current event information ? Well see I'm going to school right now # t_empty t_empty
So what part of Mississippi are you from ? I'm from Laurel . Those are nice . t_laugh I could deal with a hot tub .
Really ? Yeah . I guess Hawaii is one of my favorite places . Well I am not sure .
you have a spring Yeah . -- t_con we generally don't our watering from our spring . Oh .
You do! Yes yes . Do you by any chance ?
Well you must have a relatively clean conscience then t_laugh  . t_laugh the other side of that might be if someone found out something or surmised something that weren't true then I would feel probably more invaded in the gossipy sort of sense . Uh-huh . t_con if someone finds out something about me that is true I don't have a sense of loss from that .
t_con what's the temperature up today over there ? man warm t_laugh  . It was like forty-five t_laugh  .
is he the reformed gambler ? Yeah . t_con there's a lot of those Blair shows floating around . they seem to be popular these days .
Have you had that experience recently ? Recently t_empty t_empty
They just mo- - They don't kill them They don't kill them ? over the last like probably eight or nine months .
-- t_con then what movie isn't anymore . Right Uh-huh . It's a little on the violent side --
What are some of the other questions . let's see . let's see . Uh-huh .
To complain about it right ? Right . to gripe . if there's one thing if there's one issue
Did you see PRETTY WOMAN ? No t_con I like Demi Moore . t_con that was just so good .
What are your would you consider important ? Well those and probably the security aspect of it . I don't know . Right .
Is this a project you did yourself ? Yes We were quite pleased with the result . t_con looks quite good .
So are you planning on to having any children yeah . I am sure they would you know . Kids I think would much rather have dad there than the toy anyway .
t_con you like to go there for the holidays we don't go very often for holidays . Yes . t_con that's a bit of a drive for you there .
Well how old does a child have to be before you have to stop making arrangements for him I wonder . Well I could do it now . That is lucky . t_con I'm very very lucky t_laugh  .
t_con it took them a little while ? t_con yeah they were . Yeah
Do you have an annual fee on yours t_con do you get yours through a bank Right . you know you always constantly getting those preapproved stuff
I seem to remember those shows being on in the afternoon . They come on both . Yeah t_con they like that .
Do you have any pets ? we got two cats . Okay t_empty
Eng- is not ? don't think they are because our measurements started in England t_con I don't know . I know England is not metric .
Was there enough to go around ? t_laugh  . Well not really there was only like two or three t_laugh  . Oh .
-- t_con do you work for T I ? Uh-huh . Well that's neat . I see .
How did it go for you ? well it's worked . Yeah . -- just to be a little car that I could care less about --
Well you ready for New Year's Eve ? I am . Yeah . some good good players out there .
What was that ? I don't know t_laugh  . wow I don't know what that was . Okay
you like the rain do you ? Well not the rain so much as the cool the other mornings when it was like sixty-five when we woke up and sixty-six t_con I'm ready for it to come back . t_con I was really enjoying the cool snap last couple of weeks
 . Were you in a the Girl Scouts too No Uh-huh I like that  .
Can you eat them ? No -- just terrible . I guess the largest one I ever caught was probably eight or ten inches long
so you listen to kind of church music gospel ? No Well what else can we d- uh talk about t_laugh  .
t_con - t_laugh No do you change much through the season it said the seasons
Do you do that ? We have the same thing . Yeah . t_con I will check off what checks have cleared
What part of Pennsylvania are you in ? I'm north of Pittsburgh t_con that stuff going on over there . - gets a whole new picture to what real air pollution can be
Does it have to be unanimous ? I believe it does have to be unanimous actually . t_con they can't decide for hours unless they convince that one person you know . one person thinks that they're not guilty
Do you have any ? I'm trying to think offhand t_empty t_empty
Have you seen that by Bly ? I don't think I have seen it . Uh-huh . I read a book recently called IRON JOHN .
What do you think about these items that are going to be taxed even more . Like tobacco and that kind of thing  . I think in a way it's good in a way it's not . Uh-huh . That's true .
Exempt or nonexempt . I'm exempt . t_con I mean things have just really gone out of sight in the last ten years . -- yeah
Do you miss your papers sometimes ? yeah . Uh-huh . and I know even like with your school books and papers .
was it a home that you've had for quite a f- years t_con that you've - Uh-huh . Well you're really not too bad .
t_con who do you have her or him take it from ? t_empty Uh-huh . You say have your four year old taking lessons already ?
t_con what is he ? He's like a semigovernment type agent . Who goes out then to the Phoenix Foundation supposedly . Uh-huh . It's called MCGYVER ?
# Did you need a loom t_con were you a- - Uh-huh # t_con you actually hand quilted it yourself ?
What was this project ? well it's a cross stitch well I didn't tell you what year  . That's what I keep telling this person
Probably a city in itself kind of like huh ? Yeah t_con it's just kind of like you know tourists . I don't think hardly anybody lives there
t_laugh t_con how are we letting them get away with it . Yeah Yeah If most company C E O -s were to do that within their private company they'd be in jail .
Well have you played recently ? No t_con I had to check that and talk about it . t_con I really enjoy it .
Are you shooting for a bachelor's now or a master's or what ? I'm working on a bachelor's degree . Yeah . Yeah .
is it off of near Country Club # Yeah . # I'm not sure what the street is over there off of like -
t_con is it just suspenseful ? It's suspenseful . i- it a terror movie those are two definite must see movies I think .
Do you think it is necessary to have the federal guaranty program like my since is it was there to try to protect small investors They just totally wrote it off their book . Okay .
t_con is this your first year in Utah ? no -- and that . Yeah .
Was it actually based on a book ? Well no I know . I know
did you vote in the last national election ? Yes Okay t_empty
How about yourself ? well I like to think of it as a hobby but I guess also partly out of necessity . Just repairing things around the house . t_con I do it out of hobby more than you know something I have to do . t_con I enjoy doing a little bit of woodworking
Did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act it seemed like it made everything harder ? Yeah . All the deductions and all that . Well yeah .
Like what type roses ? different hybrid tea type varieties . in fact we put in some more roses yesterday . Yeah
Have you taken anything back lately that you've bought ? t_empty Hi . Hi Norma .
t_con what do you use for cookbooks ? I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married -- I'd probably go with lasagna a green salad and garlic bread . I see .
They tell you what our topic was ? I think golf isn't it ? t_empty t_empty
was this the first time you got to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS ? my parents took me when I was probably somewhere between Ashley and Jamie's age  . Good t_laugh  . That's at your sides t_laugh  .
Ellen what kind of a car do you think you're going to buy ?  . Well as a matter of fact I was thinking about that the other day Okay t_empty
So is your house in an area by itself ? No they just can't afford to have low income housing like that . Land has gotten so expensive
Do you - t_con I don't really dress up a whole lot . Uh-huh . t_con I sell family products .
so I'd like to know what do you do in lawn and garden what of interest to you Okay Lowell t_empty
Overseas where would you be going ? Africa I see . # t_con # it doesn't get switched very easily once you come home .
Well Pat did you vote in the last election ? Most assuredly . t_empty t_empty
what kind of hobbies do I have ? I guess I more not so much a hobby but things I enjoy doing . Well let's see Let's hear about your hobbies .
t_con what will a shot be ? Will a shot be an ounce ? t_con when you go to order a drink you know . say they  . . . - Yeah .
Well Carolyn the main things I'd like to know is how do you feel about the environment of a nursing home before you would send someone there to live and so forth . t_empty Okay . t_empty
Anyway what are your first comments on that subject ? my first comments on the budget . - t_empty t_empty
Well is still active down in there ? I don't have any idea Uh-huh I've heard of it .
Now do you usually go and there's lots of other people around t_con is it pretty much isolated . from the rat race . Yeah
Well does it cost money like to use the weight room or to tak- swimming . Do you have to pay for that too . I'm just now finally starting to do the aerobics thing . I just don't take as much advantage of it as I should .
what do they get paid . Right t_con let's face it This craziness you know people with automatic weapons and all this other stuff and trying to do a job
# Well do you have an # older car ? No I think that the changing you know from leaded fuel was a tremendous advantage # you know no- using #  . . . - t_con I- do that in a minute .
what are some of the shows that you have been able to rent though ? let's see . I haven't seen either one of those . Okay .
Like south of Tampa right ? Yeah . Okay . Yeah .
Is the temperature like sixty- to eighties there too yeah Uh-huh . t_con the s- has finally started popping out .
Why ? Just because you'd be afraid to do it or have you done it before . I'd have taken me forever . t_con I'd have probably rolled it on .
t_con how old is your retriever ? she's about four . Yeah . Uh-huh .
Wasn't that good . -- uh-huh . t_con we couldn't run it back -- wait run that back
t_con you know what if . Yeah Yes . t_con I said I want you to have control of your own business .
t_con it always makes you feel like you're a bigger person than the kids right ? yeah . That's right t_con you're going to look nice for the kids t_laugh  .
Is it kind of a buyers market down there ? Absolutely . Yeah . Well that's good though .
The pop-up trailer ? Uh-huh . Uh-huh . And pulled the little trailer behind .
have you ever heard of George Winston he plays piano . There a guy Yeah .
I wonder how T I got G T E involved . Well I know Jack Godfrey . Yes . Well really .
It's hard isn't it ? t_con yeah t_con I haven't started making money yet . t_con it's also pretty challenging
do you have children # in school ? # # I do . # think about this ? - t_empty
How about you what is real popular up there ? Yeah . Yeah .
who's supposed to have the best draft picks ? t_pause  . It doesn't even say . I didn't even see Jeez .
Were you near the Park Cities area . yeah t_con we had a great time . yeah .
Do you think you D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more . t_con do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days ? Uh-huh . -- t_con both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base .
what benefits I think are most important ? Well what do you think of the - t_con I guess you do .
Did they have Thing yes yeah . yeah
How big is your place ? t_empty Uh-huh . Already cut back .
You know what am I trying to say ? deal with the supporting the Kurds . treaty over there right now . I am a little concerned about you know
What are you hoping for a boy or a girl ? It doesn't matter just a healthy baby . That must be tough . Yeah .
Do they have Highlands up there ? Nope . chain down there that I don't know up here . Highlands t_laugh
you mean size wise they're not very big ? by and large no . very . much there you know . yeah
What kind h- - What kind of cars do you do you usually drive ? t_empty t_empty
Didn't it bug you a little bit why they kept coming up with all this stuff ? You mean in the most recent conflict ? # t_con # during that same time frame didn't you get some feeling that they're getting all these weapons and stuff ? # Uh-huh . #
# Your # family have reunions on a regular basis ? Probably once every five years . # Okay . # t_empty
t_con you going rent it again ? No t_con anyhow now are you going to buy this next car t_con I haven't had a chance to drive it very much t_laugh  .
Otherwise they hold it over your head forever right t_laugh  . Right . I'm going to have to do it . Yes
well then I don't know if you like the Mavericks or not they haven't been that good this year . I # was just saying where am I calling you from you know # I'm in Dallas
t_con does it work out pretty well ? it takes some dedication to do it Is it hard to keep track of it we try to stay within a certain budget
Have you ever been drug tested ? that's a good question . All right . t_empty
So you've done this ten times ? Yeah . I can't think of anything else to say about that either . No
at least you're hitting the books right . t_laugh They're either hitting the books or something else Well that's good -- t_con there isn't really a lot of T V watching .
or do they both get served ? Uh that's a good point . Money from money for taking care of the infants takes money away from taking care of the elderly Uh-huh .
t_con - Well I think we're narrowing it down actually . t_con do you find that advantageous do you have multiple credit cards ?
it must be quite a bit hotter down there isn't it ? Yeah Yeah . Uh-huh .
So you're at Baylor ? No Uh-huh . they've spent a lot of hours studying t_laugh  .
t_con I'll tell you is it a serious problem ? Yes # Uh-huh #  . Well I been more time than you have to think about this # subject #
Did I reach the Dallas area ? No I beg your pardon ? Did I reach the Dallas area ?
Do you have annual family reunions yeah Okay t_empty
Well wh- do you think that consumer goods are generally getting better or worse in quality ? Well t_pause I believe they're better . Good . We got our mo- back .
I figure your children are preschool ? Yes Right . the timing of it is good besides the amo- what's on .
What did you think about DANCES WITH WOLVES when you saw it ? Well okay Yeah . She knows how to twist this around
So where do you go ? Do you go to Berkeley ? t_con it's only a couple of hours away to a large city . okay .
well did you have boys girls we have two girls and three boys Well okay how do you mean that ? t_laugh  .
you know what I'm saying . # Right . # t_con they on drugs - are they really on drugs
is that it ? That's it . Yeah you ready ?
It's historic events huh . Right . there's nothing in it you don't know . Uh-huh .
t_con what do you have ? you know how sometimes when you marry someone that you get along on everything except one major thing . t_laugh Your two fish . - And do
Is that all we need to say ? Yeah . t_laugh Okay . I think we kept it at real good .
How about you ? Do you work that's good . That's great
Is it ? Around this time of year you expect it up here to get down to about I don't know ten or twenty degrees -- It's kind of rainy actually . it's not too good .
Did you go to Disneyland ? # yes Yeah . t_con our child- we usually kind of stay close .
What about season to season . I guess your dress changes . Uh-huh . t_con you certainly should not judge a book by its cover and or evaluate a person by that .
# t_con # how did you get on it ? Well my husband works at T I over on Central . I'm back . Patty might .
he didn't look too bad did he ? No Well yeah Vulcans age a lot better t_laugh  .
Have you all been able to do much as a family these days ? Pardon me . Hi  . Hi Diana .
do you have any special interest in space flight ? yeah . Okay Randall t_empty
Have you ever been up there to Boston Garden ? no They really gave some really good years of enjoyment and fun and everything . Now I like to see them back up there again .
for your using your credit card you get like a rebate or something ? Yeah -- t_con it's out here and there . uh-huh .
College or - Yeah Which basketball ? Which basketball ?
I was just going to say t_pause makes a difference in what you eat doesn't it  . t_con are you not at that stage yet ? Yeah Two and half
do you plan on staying home after you have your children t_con do you work or what ? Yeah # t_con then # a family is definitely a high priority .
Well now that # It is # aerobics I really like that a lot . t_con I'm really into that
Max Lucado ? Max Lucado . He's the man out of San Antonio . t_con I thought that each one of his books were good .
You know I don't know your feelings toward that . I guess we shouldn't get into that -- you know we'll just have to wait and see whether that's approved or not . Uh-huh .
# Well what about # this AIDS epidemic now ? t_empty I think they should be evaluated that way rather than with a chemical # you know # t_con if they're on some kind of you know contol- substance then you know it kinds of takes away from the job of you know the supervisor or manager type person you know who is able to evaluate them .
did you see the movie ? Yeah Did you watch DANCES WITH WOLVES well we just finished watching TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES on tape you know t_laugh  .
How about yourself ? well I'm in graduate school Uh-huh . okay .
one is did it really happen the way the prosecutor said it happened you know is this man really guilty well there's really two separate decisions there I guess well you know you just have to decide you know wha- yo- -
Do you think he won from Carter because of the hostages that were held at that time ? Well I think that was part of it He just kind of sat him up there like a puppet I don't think he did anything at all .
He wasn't always funny in that show was he . I didn't read the movie THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP . Yeah
# You have any pets ? # # Do I have pets ? # t_empty t_empty
# Belt Line # and what ? t_empty # Midway . # okay .
well do you have a pet ? t_empty Okay t_empty
What ideas do you have on that Doug ? I don't think they're necessarily widespread in this country Well now what would you say about these everyday invasions of our privacy ? All right .
Did you know that next week there's several T V shows coming from there in celebration of their anniversary . No t_con yours to Disneyworld sounds t_laugh a little bit better . t_con I'm kind of anxious for that
Are there a lot of trailers around there ? Yeah Yes . t_con you said you were in Colorado Springs ?
For the dorm t_con who decides what you do with it ? t_con we get money for that . whenever our bins are all filled up we take them and turn them in
you are kidding ? No t_con her mother - actually my grandmother owned and operated a nursing home for years
Now what do you mostly do  ? Well mostly right now I'm a a lot of sports and stuff like that is my hobbies and do a lot of things with my family as much as possible . Uh-huh . I go to estate sales which takes up a lot of time .
Do you need to go ? Well I'm going to listen . okay . There's someone at the door .
t_con what kind of a house do you live in ? I'm in a ranch . t_empty t_empty
that is it easier doesn't it ? Uh-huh . Yeah t_con it's nice to have the right equipment .
What is your handicap ? Right now it's three . t_con I do enjoy playing . Yeah .
t_con is it # pretty natural  ? # t_empty t_con do you find it difficult to find time
Which is the one that has modular type seats ? You know which one I'm talking about ? going to the store Uh-huh .
Which - Computers . they're so darned cheap now . gosh it's worth your time to just upgrade
Well what do you think it is ? yeah Uh-huh . -- including me t_laugh  .
why don't they just say almost a Mac for half the price . Yeah you know . Really gee they're reselling a MacIntosh under a different name .
I'm inte- # No I see . # but just # because of a job opportunity .
Anyway do you have a pet ? I had a cat and don't expect too much . Yeah .
What is your opinion ? I say yes . the topic of the conversation is national health insurance and the pros and cons and do I think that the government should finance it . Okay
Whereabouts ? In Germany . Oh . I was in Europe .
t_con it's vol- - # Yeah . t_con we dump them off there . t_con just like you say we go to a community area where they have it set up
What is it ? well I would like for one time in my life to have a convertible . I won't do it . -- t_con I am really looking at facing the purchase of a car .
Do they influence you a lot . a little of - do you go by the ads when you look at them or the reviews ? How about some of the ads
What have you found in dealing with the nursing homes ? Well they're not every the horror stories you hear about them I think are true . Right . I absolutely devastating .
Are you just saying you sight read every concert ? well it's not really sight reading when you've done it you know again and again and again -- t_con they don't have rehearsals during that time period . Wow
t_con what are your feelings on the topic today as far as crime in America today ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
What do you do ? About the same thing . t_con maybe we should start with you t_laugh  . t_con really I'm curious how other people live .
-- one of the first STAR WARS movie ? - Yeah . Uh-huh . t_con STAR TREK's in a s- or the STAR WARS set -- -
What type of camping did you do ? t_empty Uh-huh . t_con now we're not quite so much since the kids are involved so much in sports .
you said what were you saying you were teaching there ? Yeah Are you teaching Computer Science ? That's great .
How do you usually cook your deer ? t_laugh How do we usually ? Huh ? How do you usually cook your deer ?
Leslie what are you studying ? Nursing . Yeah okay .
How are you ? Great Nancy . I'm Nancy . fine
Don't you have to spend the minimum of two three hundred ? yeah Well doesn't it work you don't see anything until you spend the minimum ? I guess I'm the one just supporting most of the others .
t_con it divides the words by itself ? Usually it doesn't divide words . It'll automatically do that for you . it's like typesetting .
Did they switch ? I believe so at midnight tonight we all switch over or anything . I didn't mean you know I didn't mean like Sweden going over to right hand drive or anything you know t_laugh
Anyway so where's your favorite place to go ? generally we just go on family vacations to Arizona . Yeah wow .
Like Paul Simon . Yeah I like you know things like to hear you know what they call world music . Which is you know using all these natural forms of music music is kind of in a weird position right now .
Well how to you handle that the long range or medium range planning on finances ? Well actually we haven't had to . until just recently . Uh-huh . t_con it doesn't really seem to be too tight if we just remember to keep everything up to date and balanced .
Is that something that you'd be interested in I'd be satisfied with a good front wheel drive car when it comes time to replace the Sentra . What about all wheel drive ? Probably till the kids are out of high school anyway .
t_con it was w- - Yes . was that before they actually did that I didn't see it
do you consider yard work a hobby at all t_con is that just a chore ? t_laugh  . Yeah . t_con we are looking forward to that .
t_con he's five ? t_empty you know screaming J D boy t_laugh  .
Do you do much ? Well yes and no No . gee .
How was the Middle East in terms of that with children ? Is that care or that type of idea completely foreign to them ? I'm just real curious . t_con that's the way you have to -
Do you have children at home ? No Uh-huh . t_con make one really contemporary and and very modern and very open and very light .
t_con smaller schools aren't like that No . I didn't realize that . # Yeah . #
You would be in favor of it ? definitely . Uh-huh . I would be committed to that becau- -
Now where does the source light go ? Like across the street . t_con you can look at the emissions actually . t_con as the car goes by you can see the exhaust pipe and the source light behind it
well how is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes ? t_laugh  . well my husband is right now teaching an aerobics class . t_empty t_empty
Ever been ? Uh-huh . Well who would you say is your favorite player or has ever been your favorite player ? They may get hurt or not be able to participate at that level if you know -
Well how long you been in San Antonio ? I've been here for just almost fiv- years . Uh-huh . I think that's dumb .
Have you ? I haven't had to . I really haven't returned a whole lot lately . t_con I don't know
Are you still there ? I'm ready t_laugh  . it's pressed . Okay
I would think a cave would be problems like that too . Yeah . Yeah Yeah .
t_con do you have a car ? Pardon ? Yeah . -- t_con it seemed that the only way I could reliably take care of my car was to repair it myself which is not my cup of tea .
What kind of books do you like to read ? well a bunch of stuff I guess fair number of novels but mostly shorter ones . let's see . I'm from Pennsylvania .
Well what movies are you looking forward to seeing now ? well I'm only twenty-seven years old t_con it was quite an experience t_con they had record high waves thirty year high waves come in there
That's the vacation you recommend absolutely . # amazing . Yeah
Like what ? Legalize marijuana . t_con I think we should also do something rather radical . I think we would fill up new technologies .
t_con you been doing some remodeling work on it . It's actually just twelve years old now . was the house reasonably new that would be just too much of a fall for me .
Should we have been there ? Uh-huh . Sure . t_con were we right in the Middle East ?
Did you like them ? Yeah Yeah . I like the Moody Blues .
-- It- with the children's aspect ? Right . videos that had something to do with the war . Uh-huh .
Does it taste a lot like shrimp Yeah t_con they're more expensive of course t_con you can go ahead and buy 'em cooked and shelled
Were you up in Wisconsin t_con would you go into Can- - Very comfortable -- to do for that day .
-- how were the house prices up there ? The prices actually a lot better because Pittsburgh is about the size t_aside like a Louisville or Minneapolis that type of size . My home town . How was it -- -
well how many people are you planning on serving at Christmas ? well we're not going to eat the # whole thing t_laugh  . # t_con that was about you know a hundred pounds of just ham . Well you know we took the skin and the head and the le- off
Is she thinking about the University of Texas ? She has her heart set on U T . t_con my oldest will be a sophomore . I have two daughters
Back when they were in Saint Louis ? Yes Uh-huh . I think I was into the Cardinals for a little bit
They're really good ? -- well I don't especially recommend - Oh . I haven't seen any of those .
What kind of a dog is he ? he's part golden Lab and part let's see Alaskan no not Alaskan . t_con this is just really strange you know because - he's never gone away .
t_con it played by itself ? No I liked the sound of the harpsichord . Oh .
t_con why are we so fascinated with the other world . Is it supposed to be better ? -- what exactly do we see about this world t_con I think about these things and people trying to define their own world view
you know what I'm saying they're not going to go without going through every channel of authority in the prison . They're not going to pardon someone from the governor t_con they know that .
What am I afraid of ? Yes . t_laugh What are you afraid of with them ? I just don't like them t_laugh  .
t_con the Cadillac is definitely a used car Yeah . Uh-huh . t_pause Well now they may be the demonstrator models that the sales reps drive around in .
Where you from ? I'm from New England . I'm doing fine . How are you ?
Well you know why ? No FIVE was bad bad bad t_laugh  . Yeah
Didn't I read that ? Yes . Yes . t_con Bush has already given his t_laugh opinion on it right ?
Why did you do it that way t_laugh  . t_con again though Jesus the grace pushes you beyond the law you know what I'm saying I know . I think that's one of those things when we get to heaven we're going to ask God t_laugh  .
You lived there at school . Yeah Pardon me . t_con you lived there at school then ?
Do they teach them in school right now where she's at about drugs ? Yeah . you're just with them - It is scary .
t_con do you have horses or anything at your dad's farm ? I am sorry ? Uh-huh . The cleaning up can be a mess .
Have you noticed that ? Yeah Yeah . they'll give somebody twenty-five years and they'll serve what eight months .
I'm sure you probably have heard of the Genesis program that's going on currently out in the Arizona desert . Uh-huh . that's true you know . Yeah
Do you know some folks who have been there ? yes . All right . I am too young yeah .
t_con you've probably never gardened in your life  . grow an ivy . t_laugh I told this woman that my hobby was gardening t_con I started making stuff up .
When you're in the water ? Huh-uh . Huh-uh . t_con you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you ?
t_con then you'd be willing to give up your job to stay home and with the children ? Well I would like to stay at home with my children for at least the first five years . Yeah Uh-huh .
I wonder if now the people in the Soviet Union don't have ideas very different from that . The- might . Right they had the same ideals and the same basic beliefs .
Do they ever get on your hook ? No can't think of a time that I've been fishing that I haven't run into one or two of them . -- I would be afraid of that .
Is somebody in your family a T I -er ? No No . No .
# So wha- do you have ? I have a Pontiac Six Thousand . That's what happens every time . # #
How are your kids handling it ? Well I don't know if it's quite hit him Yeah . I think that's what really bothers me the most about it t_laugh  .
you mentioned C N N of course I mentioned radio and the C N N T V news you know ? Uh-huh . t_con I guess we do get it from people too . Uh-huh .
# Is it ? Uh-huh . # -- which is very close to camping # t_laugh  . # Yeah t_laugh  .
So do you like romantic music ? Well that is what + that is mostly the rest of good trumpet marks are romantic music Mahler and Ruckner and Strauss  . Uh-huh  . Both of them are .
Why didn't it work last time ? t_con why didn't it work last time ? t_laugh  . How should they do it ? the topic was should the United States adopt the metric system and if so should -
So how about in particular would you think that women still are being you know found wanting you know or not re- as men would be . I was just trying to think . Huh-uh . probably not .
I'm sure all over the State of Texas now you have three weeks to go for absentee balloting . Uh-huh . or not . Okay .
As a freshman ? Yeah . Well my son is at Clark this year too I guess so .
Do they survive longer if you plant them in the winter time ? Will they make it through the summer sun ? -- then it just kills them cause they can't stand the hot weather . Uh-huh .
Are you sure you guys aren't having the bad weather ? We have cold . Yeah t_laugh  . That's some cold golf too isn't it ?
You want to go first t_laugh  . Well no t_empty t_empty
Well what kinds of things do you do to try to get your children interested ?  . Just talk to them about it ? I know that . -- to want to go you know to it
wasn't it pretty last week with the # Bluebonnets and everything yeah Oh t_con the weather was pretty nice too .
Are you surviving . Is she ol- your oldest grandd- child ? t_laugh Whoa t_laugh  . Oh t_laugh  .
What are you learning to be ? excuse me ? -- you know one thousand four hundred dollars to send your child to college you know . Yeah .
Do you like to wear jeans most of the time ? yeah What about your casual wear ? uh-huh .
Have you ever fished off the pier ? Yes t_con that's a different kind of fishing off the pier too . t_con you catch blues
Is that what you're saying ? yeah . # t_con they have packages # where they just offer the exercise program . # It worked out well . #
Are you a Cowboy fan ? Well I used to be a real big Cowboy fan Oh . I have been at my computer all day
What do you catch perch on ? according to them you can catch them on just about anything . They can't pull it in fast enough . they just drop it in .
you know what's pretty cute actually . DEFENDING YOUR LIFE . What else have we seen recently . I'm trying to think what else I've seen recently .
What do you use yours for mostly ? mostly word processing applications and just as a dumb terminal . I'm probably eventually going to get a three eighty-six . A two eighty-six .
what kind of onions do you grow ? Do you grow those ten fifteen Y ? Okay t_con the green onions are coming along .
so what goes into that particular thing ? t_empty t_con you're sat down with a piece of paper t_laugh and said well let's see what are we going to - Really .
How long have you been doing this ? I've been a vegetarian for two years now . Uh-huh . t_con actually you know I think we get a ha- diet than the average person .
Are you a hiker or not ? t_empty which is kind of fun . we did quite a bit of hiking
What do you serve with it ? I like to serve a wild rice with it . Huh ? # What do you serve with it ? #
t_con things begin to collapse they just moved on . t_con I don't know whether that's because they had other opportunities to which they could move you know that it was that easy for them to find new work that they didn't stuck to where they were Uh-huh
# Are they # like pretty much train for a specific job t_con that what I hired for and then I just very little variation from that . -- like # really # - t_con there is a progressive path
You haven't ? It's called MCGYVER ? I don't think I even heard of that show . t_con he's always going out and inventing new things out of scrap and grabbing what he can and you know pieces of baling wire and a few tires and all of a sudden he's got a hang glider
t_con I think particularly if you're looking at the peasant whether he's in Central America regardless of where he is is his life better off under communism or Democratic government . You look at Salvador where the - t_con if there's no economic benefit - Right .
what do you do when you get a really violent storm like a tornado just stay in your truck . yeah jeez
Uh-huh . t_con what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line ? t_con you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system  . that is a pretty good deterrent in itself
where you from Tina ? I live in Garland Texas . I'm Tina . My name is Jean .
t_con you've heard the Richardson Symphony ? Yes . I can't remember t_laugh  . yeah .
Is that what you're saying ? Well actually I've found out that I'm not going to go back to being an engineer . t_laugh t_con you figure one of these days you're going to go back to being an engineer ? Uh-huh .
What if you're already on one ? What ? t_con they fix you up with a diet which worked real good . Just by watching what I ate .
Actually did you see DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS ? Yes t_con it was kind of cute . Oh t_laugh  .
Well if you had to pick a type of music that you like would you be able to ? Well I could pick country music . t_empty t_empty
What changes t_empty t_laugh So so what changes have you seen ? t_laugh  . Let you start t_laugh
am I talking to Utah right now ? Uh-huh . You live in U- we live in Utah .
t_con where have you been ? I've be- lots of places . yes . Yeah
t_con what does that consist of ? t_empty We just use trail tarps . is that right ?
t_con that kind of moderates the weather a little bit ? Yeah . Okay t_con we're a little two weeks ahead of everyone else out on the outskirts
Where did you go ? I went to Brandice University . what ? I -
Such as ? -- what's happening up there you know type thing . Oh . mine are both out of school .
t_con what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line ? Well it's got a back up system that doesn't work supposedly . Tha- if it's cut supposedly it notifies them anyway  . Supposedly . Uh-huh . t_con you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system  .
Are you and your roommate a similar size . No That drives me up a wall . Oh yeah .
t_con are you serious ? I'm being facetious . Are you being smart you can just spend it well .
Where is Raleigh in North Carolina ? well it's a little more towards the northern border of the state and pretty much in the eastern half of it . Yeah . Uh-huh .
What's the best part from your point of view ? I like seeing other countries and shopping in other places . t_con I like all of that . Uh-huh .
I wonder if they didn't make it mandatory if they would actually get enough people volunteering to do it that it would have enough . I don't know . All right at least one not more than say three or four then it would definitely effect unemployment . -
t_con where did your parents come from ? Poland . Okay Or an immigrant mother anyway .
Do you find now though that even some doctors won't ? I've found some doctors that say you know - -- use those charge accounts for - a lot of times you can get by using those for -
Well what type of restaurant do you like Richard ? really I'm kind of open on food . Uh-huh . t_con we normally manage to eat out once a week anyway .
For the air pollution . all that . t_con they're doing a lot of research here the E P A t_con that kind of threw them off .
are you working right now anywhere no . t_con there's undoubtedly a proportion of people who do fail you know . t_con you know once again those things are not that accurate
Do you have any reason do you know of any reason why they do that ? t_con I don't know why they do that . Yeah .
what type of movies do you like ? action t_laugh  . okay t_con usually I don't t_laugh  .
music do you like ? - lots of different kinds I guess . t_empty t_empty
Which Billy Crystal movie ? this is the - I not familiar . Yeah
do you rec- Yeah Okay t_empty
you guys I believe in Texas you don't have state tax do you ? No # you # know especially - # Yeah . #
Well are you ever married t_laugh  ? Yes . Uh-huh . t_con I do .
-- t_con why have someone in year- or two for a misdemeanor . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- t_con like you say is a lot of crimes and stuff or misdemeanors --
did you see that ? Yes that was great . yeah
Are you going to go see the Elixir of Love ? No . Uh-huh . I like more comic licks .
How many have you made so far calls ? I haven't made any . t_con good luck . me too .
At least you follow the game a little bit . Yeah . That's good . We dec- just to watch them at home t_laugh  .
t_con tell me what where you'd catch crappie . Uh-huh . I've done fishing like that Yes
I say back east you all drive at fifty-five don't you ? Yeah . okay I dropped the phone t_laugh  .
Do we drug test everybody that comes in t_con do we kind of say well you can be drug tested t_con there's got to be like a limitation . t_con you know they kind of have gotten into the idea that let's drug test them and let's put them through rehab .
So in Maryland are you a Skins fan ? well not really from you know - Yeah . I guess we'll find out t_laugh  .
Is that what you're - Yes . t_con do you have to get a shade tolerant grass ? It just happened automatically .
Did you think that C N N would be kind of an abnormality ? I just wonde- I guess . Yeah . t_con it was addictive .
Definitely not golf right # t_laugh  ? # # No t_laugh  . # Okay . I'm a math computer science major right now .
Did you have people coming from far away ? No . We saw people we hadn't see in a while t_con overall we all had a good time .
Have you tried any like fruits and vegetables or anything ? I guess vegetables are in pots and stuff ? t_con that's probably my problem there . yeah .
Does it bother you to give it ? No What do you think of that ? t_con they asked for my home phone even though you know the charge had been approved .
Oh is it . Yeah . Luckily state t_laugh is one of the cheap ones . It's just a outrageously expensive .
I was just reading an article that there were nineteen thousand properties available in Texas for sale by the Reso- Com- yes . uh-huh . Right
t_con do you do it to give as gifts t_con do you actually sell it ? Now do you do it just for yourself t_con it has just been the most relaxing enjoyable self-satisfying thing I've had .
t_con I guess you've been through a couple of summers here too right ? Yeah Uh-huh  . It's definitely different .
Do you do any woodworking ? I do Okay . Okay .
what does he think of your T shirts and - Well he likes it all right . Well does you husband - There you go .
A Freddy Kruger type No Oh . begin to kind of like him .
Like what ? Well say embezzlement right . Yeah . really ?
industry here is able to fund the state because we have oil here and things that's what I've always heard . is that why we don't have - t_con we've had enough industry here that I guess it -
You don't need them in four colors . No t_con that's all you need for like charts and stuff . Yeah .
t_con do you work with T I ? No Well that's good . t_con I think the exercise helped .
prizes . I don't know . Money Get .
t_con what are you doing ? Sitting on a computer ? # Really . # Like who cares ?
What all things do you plant in it t_con do you like to plant in it ? you said that you had a garden . Yeah
Are you in the part of town where they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling ? No I guess we collect m- cartons and whatever p- are acceptable . t_con we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full .
I heard that was hard to get tickets to . Yeah Yeah . I that that is a really -
Have you been that way long ? Just eight years Yeah . -- t_con since I'm sort of in a medical situation where I can't do that it's -
Do you have a garden ? t_empty t_con that's our next thing  . I have a feeling I'll be out there all the time t_laugh taking care of that
I was wondering whether you were in favor of statehood independence or the status quo for Puerto Rico . I was a resident although very young of the sta- what is now the state of Alaska in nineteen fifty-nine when Alaska stopped being a territory and became a state . Yes t_empty
t_con does your company have something to do with T I . not really t_con they sent it out in our bulk mail so that if any engineers wanted to participate you know . - I'm in a telecommunications company
Do you really think that new vehicles though is a big problem . I remember reading an article that said like it's the older polluters if you can get those types of groups . Uh-huh .
t_con did he Uh-huh . Oh . -- very discrete . Or not discrete electronic devices .
t_con do you like to plant in it ? Well the first thing we always plant is tomatoes -- What all things do you plant in it you said that you had a garden .
what is the name of that ? it's called Paveway . -- t_con a big percentage of that was expended as well Yeah .
do you have a favorite subject to read whether it be science fiction or history Well it depends again if we're talking about t_laugh - what are your favorite - Uh-huh .
t_con is that for the regular seam in the fabric No Is that for designs okay .
How old is she ? She's only about a little less than two years old . Yeah . Do you .
do people around that area seem to do a lot of renovation ? Yeah . Are you working on it ? Well can you tell me anything else about the house t_laugh  .
t_con where do you go ? Different places every year . usually in the summer time . No
t_con it's done completely done . Uh-huh . It only blooms for one day . t_con that's it .
So do you go to school in Provo Utah ? I do . -- that's a pretty good deal . We played tennis outdoors until last week
What do you do with all those ? Well actually on my Commodore I mainly study lottery numbers would you believe . Good grief . t_con my wife has an A T and T Twelve Hundred I believe it is .
What do you mean ? deliberate childbirth by surrogate mother . I just don't know . -- I don't know whether there will be an increased amount of surrogacy that we see .
you mean she taught in a prison ? Yes . t_con she was dealing mostly with people that were in on drug crimes see my mom taught English as a second language
t_con How about you ? Well I watch - Relax . just something like that for you know end of the evening type of thing -
if you had it early . -- t_con usually it's not until later t_laugh  . t_con the average first frost is like the fifteenth of November here -- -- into of November the first week actually we had a freeze
W- do you work ? I work at Texas Instruments . t_laugh It's kind of a hassle when you have this That too .
Well how about KINDERGARTEN COP ? yeah You know . t_con I really enjoyed it though .
so you like to listen to a lot of music t_con do it talk shows . That's okay . Just don't mind me if I bounce back and forth .
How long did that movie run ? it's still on to the best of my knowledge . t_con it was just enter- uh-huh
What do you looking for in those ? What attracts you to the Saturns ? Uh-huh . t_con they looked really nice .
Are the temperatures real extreme there They can be It's very pleasant . it's just almost surreal in some places .
Well you got any more ? Well the big key is that I think you've already stated that all music is rooted in the classics t_con I don't know . t_con it's kind of funny the way we listened to the stuff
What kind of camping do they like best ? Do they like it where they have tents Great . t_con that's been real enjoyable for them .
have you found any uh uh reliable import service people in the metroplex ? Well I had one person that I used for years and years on this car Yeah so I'll have to try to return that as well .
where you are is it close to Phoenixville Pennsylvania ? Oh . I have relatives that direction .
Where you from ? I'm from Kilgore Texas t_con I didn't . I know now t_laugh
do you have a certain station you like to watch when you watch it Yes . And what's going on in the world . Right .
do you have any views on Israel's relation to the U S ? t_empty Yeah . Uh-huh .
# t_con it's # twice a week ? Uh-huh . # Uh-huh . # really ?
how would you achieve that ? Well let's make them have a degree in economy I'm not sure how you would ach- - we need to elect people that are more -
t_con where are you from I'm calling from Provo Utah t_con I'm going we are supposed to talk about places we like to go .
t_con it's probably typical of your neighborhood . Yes Yes t_laugh  . good t_laugh  .
Where does he work if you # don't mind me # # He works for Bramalea Company we use my husband's . yes
it's that one that's about what an inch and a half wide . Yeah . t_con it's got one belt on it a serpentine belt . I've got a eight ninety Chevy Blazer now
Do they e- have father leaves or anything like that ? You know I don't think so yet . Yeah . Leave ?
You all did it yourselves ? What the walk ? t_con we're going to brick up the garage to match the house and things like that t_con my husband's built a walkway across
Where are you from ? Lubbock . Yeah . are you ?
t_con are you not planning on having any I don't think so Do you hope to have children -- that's neat .
I've always wondered how he gets around . you know just finger hopping . t_con he runs around a lot . Really ?
they will ? Yeah t_con they will accept you later in life also . t_con I wasn't able to participate .
did you grow up in the farm . well at that time I was in a Trenton New Jersey now I grew up on a farm t_empty
So how do you keep up ? me I read the TIMES LOS ANGELES TIMES . really . I guess they closed down about three months ago .
Are they things you already owned or you pick them up just to do that refinishing ? No What ? Things you already owned or things that you've picked up just to do that ?
Well do you know you have a ten limit time limit . no . Silver plated bowls and stuff . There's a lot of stuff it's a big booklet . Yeah .
they're like preferring it now right  . Yeah they're really happy that I don't cook anymore . t_con the kids are thrilled
did they tell you our topic ? no Okay t_empty
Can you get like a student discount type of thing # # a # little bit but not a whole lot . -- is fairly reasonable to play on . Yeah .
do you like scary things ? t_empty Well I'll tell you another good book I was real disappointed in that .
Do you have to pay for that too . Yeah . Well does it cost money like to use the weight room or to tak- swimming . I'm just now finally starting to do the aerobics thing .
Who did they play ? They played Dallas . That's right . Well they squeaked out a game on Sunday .
t_laugh Is that the reason you're not doing it t_con are you so busy you don't have time to do it ? they're just too weird to work on now . I used to do a whole lot more but not any more
what is that restaurant off of Central ? It's a Mexican restaurant off of Central . t_con it's supposed to be very similar to - okay .
Well well what would be the unemployment rate out there ? unemployment runs approximately six percent . Well maybe not a boom but at least recover to where we can all hold regular forty hour jobs still . Take a boom a little bit .
you don't have to have tokens for everything . Yeah t_con I think that was better than like Showbiz Pizza cause there's more for them to do . You can have birthday parties there
Why do we end this thing ? t_empty it does ? Well I don't know .
I guess your cat was an indoor cat . No t_con I don't know do you like - Yeah .
Or there ? t_empty Uh-huh . It's more humid in Utah than there ?
Are you ? Yeah . I'm originally from Lubbock . where you from ?
that's a Four Eighty-Six processor too ? Uh-huh wow Wow
in terms of talking about restaurants are a lot of restaurants how are they when you have children let alone three or four children ? t_empty You know I guess are you is it a little bit of constricted because a lot of restaurants don't take - yeah .
Did they able to draft anybody this year ? I don't know It was defense w- all the games . We really didn't have a quarterback .
What did you wind up with ? t_laugh  . I had fondue . to break out the phrase book and start looking up things . Uh-huh t_laugh  .
by choice ? two years I guess . Okay . I have to tell you about our most interesting pet though .
Do you work # during the day ? # # no yeah . # Yeah #
Those are good aren't they ?  . # # On top of it for the crunchy . # yeah . # Uh-huh .
So are you from Texas ? Yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
they had a big fight on that show didn't they ? Yeah Yeah -- but just the character .
Worried that they're not going to get enough attention ? Yeah I d- feel comfortable about leaving my kids in a big day care center but simply because there's so many kids and so many - to get references and that
do you have a favorite recipe ? yeah What is - Ok-
How about you . What do you do with your budget ? Anyway  . - t_empty
or do they . Yeah t_con they have a retrial Well then they consider it a hung jury I g-
So I imagine have you skied before ? Well we've skied all those areas . Uh-huh .
Do you use credit cards a good bit ? I do t_empty t_empty
but I mean can you play anything on it other than wood chuck song ? No . Oh okay any time I got bored t_laugh  .
How old are they ? Well they range from let's see about a year and a half to nine years old . I have four cats . Yes
Who do you know that ? Why you even telling me this ? How do you know that ? t_con you know like hold on here .
You want blue ? and purple and you know just different shades of that . t_con my house is gray Well what kind of blue ? t_con it has been about three or four years of playing around with flowers to de- which ones actually grow here .
# is that true ? # t_empty t_con there's really no time of the year that you can't go . Uh-huh .
was it Henry Macon said that the language was like a man slowly bleeding to death . t_con they hemorrhaged him to death without new infusions that will eventually die Must have been terrible . t_con I didn't ask him either .
Yo- know what eucalyptus is ? Yeah yeah . t_con we made some really nice Christmas wreaths with dried red flowers and dried white flowers and eucalyptus .
Is that where it is ? Yeah . from the Middle East . # # Yeah
Are you married ? Yes d- you know to get the work load shared . Yeah .
Well that's still not enough for a total is it . I know That was a huge repair bill . My goodness gracious that's -
Do you have friends there My fiancee is down there t_laugh  . Uh-huh . are you ?
Cooking and # food # # Food # t_laugh  . We could talk about my favorite subject t_laugh  . t_empty
What happens if we lose worse . t_con I think if I look back fifty or a hundred years I'd say you know back then there were the opium dens -- Uh-huh . it would certainly be an interesting test --
Have you seen WILD ORCHID ? No see I haven't seen that one No
In California ? And yes Well it's mostly from the rivers and lakes . What kind of fishing do you do ?
is this in Dallas ? Well they're in the suburbs of Dallas in Richardson and Plano . t_con where does this happen Laurie -- some of them are .
Can you believe this sort of thing I get real tickled when I listen to some of these old Beatle music you know the orchestration of it and that it's so popular still Yeah if it survives then it'll just probably be one or two songs that sort of hey listen what we listened to t_laugh  .
Do you have a personal computer ? No So P C -s personal computers . t_empty
t_con you work in back grind  ? Yeah . Okay . Oh .
t_con I don't know if you like this kind t_con I thought PRETTY WOMAN was a really good movie too . Yeah . it was really good .
What do you use it for ? Huh ? Yeah . That's all I got to say for it .
You know if someone is something more than a social drinker shall we say yet they're not an alcoholic what do you do ? Yeah . Like especially in the case of drinking . Right .
You know there's to evaluate about him you know my supervisor level is like practically zero . Well not really . Well t_con you get to evaluate him though ?
you want me to start off ? Yeah Okay . well let's fire away .
now what was the question what the criteria for picking a college ? let's see again what serious a person is according to you know what they want to get out of school and I guess they'd have to consider how expensive the college is and how close to home if they could handle being away for real long periods of time or if they need to be somewhere where they can drive home when they needed to get home .
What kind of things are you going to consider you know what you said something about the - They come in really handy  . I like some of those things .
They don't recognize any time difference do they ? Right you're thirty days late . t_con you know if you pay one day after that fifteenth you're not one day late
Well what do you think can be done to reduce that sort of crime ? Well the police force for one Very few you know penny ante stuff . guns that sort of stuff .
# Lots of wildlife Yes . that was one of the most # wonderful vacations I've ever had . # Uh-huh
You know did we really protect them ? Yeah Right . Well I wonder you know even with those that were involved with Tienamen's Square .
What about you guys ? there is a lot of things that you can recycle down here although the only thing I guess I wind up recycling religiously is aluminum cans . Oh . t_con I think that's all they have .
t_con why do you like stick shift ? I guess I grew up on it t_con it's fun . Huh . t_con now the people I've talked to don't seem to have stick shift .
t_con they used are they new t_laugh  . Are the Oldsmobiles that you're looking at are they the demos I think so too .
t_con should we call a halt to it is it doing any good ? t_con should we go ahead and keep exploring what do you think of our space budget
do you know what I mean ? t_empty I think you know if they didn't give as much coverage to these idiots that burn the flag it would never happen Well I'll tell you .
what's that mean ?  . That sounds like not as recent social changes too like back to the sixties or fifties I guess  . Social changes . S- changes
Well it sounds like you tend to drive your cars quite a ways also then . Well I drive like the song says THE LITTLE OLD LADY but not FROM PASADENA Sure . t_con I still think I c- going to get probably a hundred fifty thousand or more out of it .
they hold it on the weekends ? t_empty really to that is that we hold it on Sundays . As do probably sixty to seventy percent of the European countries now .
How do you feel about your game ? I guess that's a good question ? t_con I don't know . We've got tons up here
where do you think they're headed Uh-huh . I think it's a little bit late in the season for them to assign us - Okay .
t_con in other words do we make the world safe for democracy Right . if it's in the economic interest of the United States do we go in and prevail The issue of -
Where did you move from ? Detroit this last time . Right . I just hope we never have to move again .
is that generally across the board do you think yes Is that the same for both professors and also staff and administration -- t_con it covers the bulk of the dental expenses .
What kind do you have ? it's an I B M t_con you do have to research that find out what works for your system  . Yeah .
t_con you kne- the atmosphere then . Yep . Yeah . A P D as a matter of fact .
t_con do I keep on going well we'll wait and see t_laugh  . Well I think there's a struggle within the Soviet Union . I'll do that . trust people .
t_pause t_con you were just up there then Uh-huh That's how we know each other . okay .
And found it right away . -- t_laugh t_con we thought you know there broken . t_con the guy hit it with his arm when he got in the car -- okay .
What do you do ? I'm researcher of Honeywell up here . -- programs schedule programs . Yeah .
How'd you get involved in this research ? I worked at T I for a while Uh-huh . t_con it's so different from Kentucky
well is there anything else you'd like to share me about your recycling philosophy Julie ? I just think that everybody ought to do it . Crazy . Neat .
Peretti Frank E Peretti What's his name again ? yeah .
t_con don't you think there's a I don't mean older you know Yeah t_con yet they attract as many if not more than most other cities
# that makes a difference doesn't it ? Yeah . # Yeah Yeah .
You see the old cigarette ads you know about you've come a long way . You've come a long way baby ? I'm kind of out of things . I don't know
What do you think about that subject ? I think it's a really interesting question of - I don't know Fish . I don't know .
So why you come over here ? because I wanted to go to school here . really . t_con T V in Argentina's really bad .
have you seen the debit cards where they actually debit your account when you - Yeah started towards a little bit of the debit card -- didn't have to worry about carrying that much unless I knew I -
how do you mean that ? t_laugh  . Well okay How did you do ? my .
Will they make it through the summer sun ? No Do they survive longer if you plant them in the winter time ? -- then it just kills them cause they can't stand the hot weather .
Do you think ? Yeah t_con maybe that's like the extreme of it . Yeah .
I wondered if it would help you sometimes fill-in the gaps or recognize discrepancies that other people might not pick up on . Well I think my background is probably what absolutely turned me off with SIXTY MINUTES . t_con I think it helps me everyday in trying to review wh- the state that the world is in and try to guess where we're going . Yes
A concern of yours right now . Yes t_con this is something that is - t_con my father and stepmother are not in very good health .
Are you going to tell me what you've been doing lately in the -- - Sure t_empty t_empty
Does he got them locked up all the time too ? # # Yeah # what not to do # and what to do around them . # yeah . #
have you just recently moved to Charlotte ? no t_con I'm wish you good luck t_laugh Well it's nice hearing you talk
really . You were more ambitious than they would let you be ? It was terrible . Uh-huh .
A health food ? Uh-huh . t_con it's probably not advertised as such is it ? How about the health food restaurants ? Well like this one
What kind of bait do you use to catch them ? just usually worms night crawlers . I think they're good to eat . they're really not
It's like well you how do you really rate you know Michelangelo you know  . How would you tell if he was you know really good or so-so or whatever  . It's like get a painter you know or something a artist . Uh-huh .
is that pretty predominant as far as California do- doe- - It is in the urban areas t_laugh Well that's good as far as the cal- - Yes t_laugh  .
t_con what do you think about the mess that's we've created in Iraq ? I think it's unfortunate as far as the Kurds are concerned t_con they don't have that . t_con then at night they're bussed out to the occupied territories .
You like the Chrysler products do you ? Chrysler LeBaron more than likely it's going to be a Chrysler . Well what kind of car are you thinking of buying next ?
What was wrong with her was she not attractive enough did she not take good enough care of her man to keep his interest . It was that kind of an attitude . it was always my mother's fault she was not sufficient you know she just was not good enough . mercy .
t_con do you have any art t_aside creative or artistic # hobbies ? # # # Not really . definitely . Yeah
t_con are you on the T V then ? Yes t_con if I could do anything I wanted to do it would be to sing professionally . right now my actual job is a news reporter .
Did you ever have her in child care ? Yes Uh-huh . I have one . A five year old daughter .
I guess you feel differently . Then would you condone the burning of the capitol building ? + that's my opinion hinders somebody's health and well-being you know
Did he take that back to California with him ? t_empty what happened to Reagan's safety net anyway ? Yeah
t_con you have a paper or something or - Yeah Yeah t_con I hate watching the like ten o'clock news
Did you work somewhere else like sounds like you got your masters before here about three years . How long do you work for T I ?
you do all of this in fifteen minutes ? yeah My goodness t_con then I do about -
-- where do you work at t_empty - Okay --
have you you see TEXASVILLE ? t_empty I'll have to write that Wow .
well did you ever see HOME ALONE ? No that I can watch over and over . well not all time favorite -
t_con what ab- the last ten years that you've been aware . Well that I've been aware of I've - uh-huh . Uh-huh
Well what kind of car are you thinking of buying next ? more than likely it's going to be a Chrysler . t_empty t_empty
Are they good to work for ? Yes That's good . I've worked there about a year .
What do you do there in Lubbock as far as recycling is concerned ? Well you know they actually started t_empty t_empty
do you work in private corporation or government ? I did work in government . That's true . That's true .
t_con you've ke- u- haven't you . definitely . well he has been trained # Well he just can # -
What's the name of it again ? LIFE EXTENSIONS . The quantities what are good for you what isn't The quantities
t_con you think that would be a deterrent ? That would be a deterrent . I think what they need to do is stop building more jails and start giving stiffer sentences Yeah
Do you have to buy metal like copper is a very good one to collect . t_con they still buy aluminum can and likes that . t_con there's places that will buy metal
how do you think we're going to pay for it ? More and more taxes ?  . if Dr . Howe or whatever his name is is on duty I go to him . Right .
Do you play every day ? Yeah Yeah . -- that's what I do every day .
do you like eat the fish that you catch t_con are you more of a sport fisherman ? t_laugh Do you actually like the taste of f- t_con I said that's a quick release right there .
# What # would you start cutting f- what would be the first thing you'd cut ? I would say there # has # - my first comments on the budget . -
t_con where do you think they target their efforts ? That's true . Yeah . t_con if they do catch them they don't get any monetary gain out of it whereas us write a check .
I believe that's a for civil suits it's not unanimous right t_con for criminal suits it's unanimous by federal law ? actually I agree that t_laugh that's an interesting thing . Yeah
You think the rich are paying too much ? Yeah I think they're paying too much . t_con I don't think the rich are paying mo-
t_con can you remember ? Were you there at a ? - t_con what kinds of things did you experience in L A when you were there ? t_con I don't know .
is it Boston in first place ? I think Boston's in first . in the east I don't know -- I don't know
Do do you have friends with older children or do they just all have young kids . We- d- do any of your friends have have uh older children that they do anything with . and that was all it all it lasted for .
Is he excited ? Very excited About two thousand aren't they ?
Do you like the law shows I really don't watch that much T V Lots of these things that are floating around now . They seem to be popular shows . t_con there's EQUAL JUSTICE some other one LAW AND ORDER or something .
that would cause you think a little while wouldn't it . t_empty Well that's a novel idea . that's funny .
Do you deal with taxes much in what you do when you work No Yeah So I really do
What about home repairs and stuff do you have to do all that yourself -- by the time you need to get around to fertilizing and cutting in the spring . Yeah .
what color is yours blooming ? I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue . Which I would not liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better . And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color . With little purple spots that it will fade into a solid purple . t_con I will get - It is some type of lily .
Do you and your husband like to work in the yard ? well we like it once in a while but not as often as we have to do it t_laugh  . Huh . t_con it has become a chore t_laugh  .
t_con - no Was that downtown where was
INVISIBLE MAN ? INVISIBLE MAN by Ralph Ellison . What is that ? INVISIBLE MAN .
Well where do you think we ought to go with it ? t_empty t_con I don't think we should cut the money . t_con I don't think we should stop
Do you live at all close to each other ? I have a couple more that live out here in California You know she could have taken turns living with each one of us you know for a sh- of time because we all don't live in the same city anyhow o- the same state Yeah .
What do you think of the public school system ? First off do you have children that are in it ? Okay . t_empty
I wonder if they thought about it themselves or whether someone somewhere is really thinking that it would be a good idea to have everybody spend some time in public service . There is somebody I didn't even know if they were thinking about it . I'm glad they have a lot of you know topics on social services because like this thing this is a pretty good idea .
What did you call that ? Bargello . t_con I have no idea where they are . I was so proud of them when I t_laugh got them finished
How about you ? yeah ? I consider myself a hacker . Yeah
what's it called ? t_empty we tend to - # Uh-huh . #
Well then you just pay it off at the end of the month ? Right . t_con what we'll do is - Huh-uh .
How about yours ? Well yeah t_con that kind of calms him down for the most part . -- he's an indoor cat
Do you ever think that there's a crime that's just so heinous and so bad that the person who commits this crime just doesn't deserve to live anymore ? That's a good question . t_empty t_empty
t_laugh So so what changes have you seen ? t_laugh  . What changes Let you start t_laugh Okay .
What if they used law students and had that be credit hours to sit in trials ? That would be certainly nice I just had a thought come as you were talking . Well what if they used you know -
t_con did you have a main meal it # was just pot luck . # Uh-huh t_con each person in the family you know brought a dish or something .
Mel Brooks you probably know . Yeah . t_con it's lot better . Well actually it starred actually Albert Brooks
What year ? just finished up my fourth semester . yeah . Computer engineering .
For eighteen ? Yeah . That's pretty good . t_con I guess they're pretty good t_laugh  .
t_con Well I guess we have talked probably our l- haven't we ? yeah . Sort of interesting Uh-huh .
# What about you ? # # We have # one called Chi Chi's in th- area . I don't know where else it is . it goes up into Colorado and down here .
# Did you go with kids though ? # -- # t_con how it fits with the character # right . than # -- - yeah . #
well wh- the difference there do you know ? That's amazing They said the crime is just -
Have you ever served on one ? Yeah A lot of the same rules apply . I was in the Air Force and served on a court martial board a couple of times which is very similar to a jury .
How about you ? Yeah Well I always think I'm paying too much taxes . t_empty
What's your experience ? Well I was going to ask too does your wife work ? Yeah . Well that's all you can do .
Like cheeses or fruits or vegetables or - Yeah t_con if you have a dinner party and you're going to serve seafood for supper what type of hors d'oeuvres would you serve prior to the meal ? t_con that way you can have a variety .
Wood framing ? -- yeah -- I think with -- - drywall .
Are you ? Uh-huh . I'm Italian . Yeah
with the Santa Claus on the cover . Uh-huh . I just got my catalog this morning and was looking through it . you should mention that
t_con I don't know if you're aware of this r- - really ? They were paid that whole time Uh-huh .
What is the name of this thing ? I got a box distributor marked on it he delivers - I see a can here or a box here of Gourmet Choice .
What was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff ? t_empty the special on channel thirteen that was broadcast I think last week or so ago it detailed how this one person went about finding out this particular pers- his home mortgage how much he pays for it what his payments are his Social Security number driver's license any kind of records he may have . their credit card and the status of their credit . Yeah
it's also just I've often pictured in my mind you know what it would be like to just kept on going Uh-huh . know That's right .
Well you keep up with current events ? somewhat . t_empty t_empty
Well how is the market for things like that in California ? It seems like they go real good # you know . # Uh-huh . -- in the winter time you know .
What are you taking in school ? Well I am actually - # I didn't # ask you that . # I'm sorry . #
Well do you go to many movies more than once ? if I see them more than once I see them on video . find it to be a tearjerker t_laugh  . Well whenever she starts crying t_laugh  .
To come in and live with them ? I could easily envision that . they're young . that in my work place who are both of them earning rather decent professional salaries who probably would consider paying a woman eight or nine or ten thousand dollars a year to take care of their child uh-huh .
are they just house pets ? Uh-huh . Yeah t_laugh  . Ours are pretty calm .
does the testing cover alcohol as well as illegal drugs ? No t_con I don't have a problem with it . # I haven't # personally ever been tested
t_con that's one family right ? t_laugh  . t_empty t_con he doesn't pronounce them at all that way t_con one of his sisters does things that really sound funny to me
Are you involved in music ? no I understand that . Yeah
Do you stay home with kids ? Uh-huh I don't . No
What about in international trials . Do you think they should have a jury there ? It's hard to say though . Uh-huh .
So well how long have you been married ? about five years . Yeah . -- t_con you can really waste a lot of money that way .
How f- are you from Houston ? well Richardson's a suburb of Dallas . -- depends on how strong the cold fronts are . Uh-huh .
t_con well have you been buying any clothes lately ? Any new clothes ? I haven't bought any new clo- - Yes t_laugh  . I was going to say it must have been Wal-Mart .
Do you have any elderly relatives currently in an nursing home now ? Yes Well why don't you start cause it said I was suppose to ask you what do you - Okay .
They civilians or military ? I think they're military . # Yeah . # # Because # I know a couple of people here that work for the Army . # #
what sort . # I am fairly knowledgeable of  . # - You said computer networks . that's interesting .
Richard Jung Julio recorded an album at the same time as didn't he ? Yeah . It is a nice combination .
Where are you at ? What state ? You know . Right .
Now how old is she ? she's eighty-six . Oh . -- because she's such a great cook .
was she like a group that was doing it t_empty t_con it's wonderful that we've come that far I think city wide basis in communities .
I guess baby-sitters now are up at what five dollars an hour ? t_laugh Something like that . -- you know that - Uh-huh .
# Is that done # - t_empty Coarse kind of test . Kind of a coarse kind of test .
Is it programming related ? Yeah it's very different in the different places well it depends
Do you feel like that's an in- of certain people's rights if not everyone is tested ? not if it's done fairly . Oh . Well what about random testing though .
you don't go buy it from a wholesaler . No t_con do you have to - Do you buy them separately at you know an American grocery store now
Have you ever made that or had it ? No t_con she also had made flan which is actually Spanish I think . t_con I cannot remember all she had .
how are the other ones . I haven't taken any of the exit tests . Really Uh-huh .
What do you like to do ? I try to do some painting although I'm not very good at it t_laugh  . Uh-huh . little bit of embroidery work once in a while .
Has he still suffering from those problems ? I do not think he was in combat what about long lasting effects on him ? -
What is that one that is on T V ? t_empty I have not gotten them in a long time . you like science things ?
what possessed you to get the dog ? Well I guess in one sense we felt that it nice to have a dog even though there are you know complications come with it . Yeah . Domino's a real good dog .
t_con they won't necessarily attack a human or bite you or anything . They will if you attack them . t_con that can be a problem if you don't put all your equipment away . t_laugh Uh-huh t_laugh  .
On the ceiling ? Yes t_con the boy when he was younger about three years old got a nice marker and got up on the ceiling and decided to draw pictures t_laugh  . t_con they had bunk beds
t_con is it more like - Oh! Are they big into am- down there you have the pick of the crop here .
my question I guess are they really your peers ? Uh-huh . Yeah t_con second of all you get a wide variety of background
Well how about you . Do you use P C -s ? t_empty t_empty
How old is it ? It's about six months . t_con we're having a difficult time trying to train it . t_con it has to stay inside
Are they driven by themselves . well now I think he carpools Do they car pool in ? well they might be car pooling too .
So you think that you want to move away from the big city Well that's what I've always - Just let him enjoy himself t_laugh  . # t_con # don't worry about it .
they just moved on . I'm not sure . t_con things begin to collapse t_con I don't know whether that's because they had other opportunities to which they could move you know that it was that easy for them to find new work that they didn't stuck to where they were
# the CHRONICLE isn't it ? Yeah Well it's a whole lot better than that San Francisco # paper # Palo Alto is # about midway between .
you know do you work for T I ? No Well I was kind of hoping with - Ha-ha t_laugh  .
have you heard of them ? Yes t_laugh  . Why A C D C t_laugh  .
it's still going to be the Indianapolis Five Hundred . They're not going to  . . . - I don't think they'd ever - absolutely .
t_con how is that ? it a low impact aerobics -- kind of taken over . Oh .
Is it formal policy that they said they might test ? Yeah  . Wow . they don't really do that .
Have you ? t_laugh  . a good plan but I haven't yet t_laugh  . Good . I left T I in January hoping to strike out and find a job where I could make some money .
do they time this thing for us t_con do we Well have you - Yeah
t_con the one with Jody Foster did you see it ? SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? t_con we enjoyed that -- t_laugh type movie
# That could # be very helpful  . a lot of fun at the moment . Well that must be helpful . t_con I have the ability to listen to them and then translate that into something that nonengineers can understand .
you know what I mean ? It kind of like - if it does come out positive the first time they need to go back and find out what medications did that person take they can that the -
Well what other movies have you seen then lately ? Oh . Uh-huh . It's really interesting .
t_con what do you think ? yeah Are you one who feels like you have benefited from the change in roles in women ? Well ho- do you view this whole subject ?
What type of things do you feel would invade your privacy every day ? t_empty Okay . t_empty
How strong is it ? It's strong enough for any job where you don't try to take more than say three-eighths of an inch at a time . I have a medium quality Craftsman router Uh-huh .
Can you picture that ? Uh-huh . Uh-huh . t_con if we men and women would do as the Bible said that we would esteem each other higher than ourselves .
T lives in Pittsburgh you probably don't know where that is . Certainly do . t_con they're all doing pretty good . t_con they'll all be married .
So what do you think about caring for older folks Dale ? Well I think uh the elderly is a really neat population to care for . t_empty t_empty
what do you do when you're putting ? That's a good thing . Yeah it's just that initial tee t_laugh  .
t_con where are they at ? do you know where Custer is ? Uh-huh . A T S ?
Well have you ever served on a jury ? No t_empty t_empty
did you have another a big tent like sitting area type you know like a two room type  ? No Uh-huh . we were at a beach site too .
Any vacations recently that you would highly # recommend ? # # Well . # That is like my favorite hobby t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
I guess you might not . yeah I don't have any friends that have the disease . let's see .
well tell me what kind of books have you read ? Well to tell you the truth I've been going to college for the last four years Yeah It's funny how many names have been used all over the country .
have you use commercially available software I have used Lotus . What about - I don't know too much about it .
Have you seen those ? Shoo- I got one of those in Brian's room . you wouldn't even dare put these signs in the win- saying child in this room in case of fire you know . Yeah
Is that right ? I don't know . Kevin Costner I understand is supposed to be play Schwartzkopf supposedly . Uh-huh .
Where you at ? I'm in Raleigh North Carolina . That's just like last night they killed them people in that store . Yeah .
Do you have children ? I have five children uh-huh . Yes
Have y'all been having any heat waves or like the ninety degree - It's gotten up to ninety a couple of times . Uh-huh . t_con I think we got the same thing in the forecast for the next two or three days .
Are they living independently right now ? Yes it is . Yes
At what ? The university ? Uh-huh . t_laugh So you're taking a government course ?
If you had to have a drug test ? Right . I don't know how that's going to affect Sure .
t_laugh What do you think invades your privacy ? well people that call on the phone all the time to try to sell you something . You know that try to sell you the s- and wha- cleaning and t_aside roof repair There you go . t_empty
Now why didn't he keep him home with her ? No t_con her t_con t_con she wasn't home right .
t_con that includes everyone at T I . t_laugh Yes t_con I suggest it to anyone who wants to be better off financially to read it because - some of them I had already practiced .
Usually . yeah Yeah t_con you vote for the Democrats
what's your favorite news do you get a news magazine Yeah -- the news and everything .
Was it true ? No . t_con they claimed to have the best shrimp on the Gulf coast . And ate in a restaurant
Which approach do you find to be more useful the interpretive approach or the straight reporting ? I like the straight reporting . Uh-huh . t_con a lot of times the person doesn't have the experience to do the interpreting .
Have you done this very long ? Uh well yeah Okay t_laugh  . Okay t_laugh  .
t_con if you were to improve it what would you do to improve it ? t_empty I see . t_con I was not very happy with the results .
Why you even telling me this ? Is it any of your business ? Who do you know that ? How do you know that ?
Is it  ? Okay What kinds of activities do you spend with them ? Donna you said you have three children .
is insurance bad there ? I've got two older cars . And insurance Uh-huh .
What do you think about that ? I think that's all right . Yeah . -- and have become citizens now .
just this year ? Uh-huh -- they closed it down . Yeah
Did you really ? Yes I grew up in Oak Cliff . That's right .
How about you ? I like sports type things too . t_con I do not get much of a chance to just really sit down and do much sewing . t_con I really enjoy sewing
what about you ? Well we do s- dining out . # Uh-huh . # we do it more when we have company # come . #
So what do you do ? I teach Uh-huh . C V A E .
Where are you Bob ? I am in Plano . t_empty t_empty
t_con how much crab meat did you use ? t_empty spread it out because you keep the cream cheese kind of thin . well it doesn't make quite as much as you think
do you like L A ? I'm very unusual . t_con we spent a week in L A t_con we had a conference in L A
Whose was that ? It was Lawry's I believe or Lawler's . Yeah . that's a good idea .
Well considering you moved here from California I guess the rain for the past few weeks has been different than what you have down there . Yeah Yeah . Okay t_laugh  .
Well do you say you haven't been in years ? No Yeah . t_laugh Oh .
They don't probably take a lot of refugees from other countries either . take the job . They don't allow people to move in like less nations you know Their jobs are there for Costa Ricans .
You still there ? Yea . * t_pause Be a great experience really . I think it'll be neat .
t_con does it change ? No . that's funny  . I understand
Is there anything else ? t_empty Uh-huh . So you know she feels that kids are too dependent on it also .
does yours do that too ? Yeah . Yeah say objects are closer than they appear or something t_laugh  .
Isn't that a good feeling . Yes Well it's kind of hard for me to talk about buying cars because I just got mine paid off about a month ago yeah .
How many square feet do you have ? golly t_laugh How big is it ? We don't want to do too much more t_laugh  .
t_con how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was a you know worth five years or twenty-five . Right Yeah t_con most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three .
who is your whose your favorite religious author ? t_empty -- sounds great t_laugh  . # t_laugh # t_con I enjoy it .
are any of your kids driving age yet ? two fourteen year olds will be fifteen on the fourth of July t_con of course is if you buy a new car you're going to - Balance that and the house payment -
you are involved with T I -s speech recognition ? Well not really . Okay . t_con hopefully next week I'll get back to my normal routine .
you know you make clothes for them and everything like that . Yeah . Uh-huh . they're like dolls
Have you done a lot of tree surgeon work on your trees or not ? No Yeah . t_con we're struggling to find something for those areas .
You went by yourself . Uh-huh . you're adventurous . Uh-huh .
So how many credit cards do you have ? I think I'm down to one . t_empty t_empty
What's that ? It's a new form I think yes . # toning classes #
What about tuition and rent ? Who takes care of that ? t_con the only thing that I basically spend my money on is just food it's like once the semester starts I'm the one who has to control how much spending there is .
Because there is a lot of waste there isn't there . Yeah . Good . Yeah .
t_con the weed come up That's right . Right t_con I screw around and don't do it or wait too long or something .
and a metric hammer t_laugh  . It can be annoying t_con you beat on it right .
Did they have to cast it ? Yeah What'd they do for that ? t_con when I came down I hit with my full weight on my foot but on concrete .
I don't think they've ever made a movie do you ? No t_con her books are just incredible . -- writers
What do you think is the key to just bringing the American family back together ? What kinds of things do you think can ? t_con not usually on the weekends we don't see very many in comparison . Uh-huh .
How much does uh planting more trees and things like that help ? Oh I think that's very important to do . I'm not sure of that . But plastic containers and the like uh they may be
t_con you're right on the coast line . You're not further up . -- want to watch the weather for when the waves are going to be good . Uh-huh .
Is just aerobics I work out with free weights . t_con after that I work out with weights . Uh-huh .
have you gotten into SCARLETT yet ? No It's about one of my favorite movies . I know .
Included to that ? t_empty Yeah . More fresh vegetables ?
does it have a big ten football team Yeah t_laugh kind of thing . Yeah
Do you do barbecues ? Yes work in the garden work around the yard of course it is .
Gettysburg ? Yeah . I think I have too been to Pennsylvania . well let's see
-- t_con do some of them play the same song ? They all play different songs . Uh-huh . Do they all play different songs --
What do you play ? clarinet is my primary instrument I try to . Uh-huh .
so you're into microwave cooking . Yeah Okay t_empty
How about you ? Well I apartment now . Okay . Uh-huh .
What do you think ? yeah t_con I think we do get quite a good value for the tax dollars we spend in most cases . everyone thinks taxes are too high I'm sure .
Do you have those up there ? We have Kroger but not a Skaggs . t_con I think Skaggs . like Kroger's doing it .
they do ? Uh-huh . They pick up the plastic the glass and the newspaper . # Now what # do they pick up ?
Saint Claude is that sound familiar ? Yeah Uh-huh . is she still there ?
Are you doing it yourself ? Yeah . Yeah . really .
How about you guys ? a yard and fence . yeah . we live in a one story just like a style home you know the standard Texas Fox and Jacobs .
all I can think of is if you don't keep a real tight budget how do you control expenses another thing that we do is we always fly back to California and Washington each Christmas . the other thing there the topic was talking about was if - Let's see
t_con you're on it a lot . t_con I use it for that quite often . Uh-huh . I work at home .
because i- does the U S government own any gas companies like you know gas stations and stuff ? Uh-huh . # Okay # # Uh-huh . #
now did you push one ? Yeah Yeah I guess we're going to have a lot of parades this weekend in honor of these guys that are some stuff over in the Gulf .
How much does he weigh now ? He just went to the vet yesterday to get his shots and everything He'd probably look pretty funny if we did that . In fact we threaten him in the summertime that we might just shave all of his hair off .
do you know ? Are there some set guidelines like only under these circumstances ? I don't know what Texas's criteria for capital murder is I think some of what we consider rights are really more privileges than what most people think of them as .
do you think that would be reasonable ? I think it would . if there was mandatory you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary I were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in trying to find a job study something that will give them a job as opposed to be curious
What's a fifth of whiskey ? # t_laugh  . # # Yeah . Yeah . # It's like a fifth I thought was always kind of strange .
Do you like rap ? some of it Uh-huh . -- t_con as far as a musical art form I just don't see a whole lot of art to it t_laugh  .
You serve that yourself or the a family ? Excuse me ? I'll keep that in mind yeah . Okay
How do you like your tread mill ? I like it . right t_laugh  . Well that's not why I got it
Is your business in Dallas then ? Yeah that sounds interesting . did it on our own
They'll let us know t_laugh  . Yeah -- know if we're time is up or what t_laugh  . # Uh-huh . #
They don't kill them ? They just mo- - over the last like probably eight or nine months . Gosh .
He lives in Cleveland ? Yeah . t_con we started talking about gangs you know . Uh-huh  .
I watched what went on with the TWENTY TWENTY show t_aside that talked about nursing homes t_con actually they specifically talked about some in the area where I am here in Texas I'll tell you What do you think would be required and so forth ?
t_con you think we're ready ? I think I'm ready t_laugh  . Righto t_laugh  . -- it should be real interesting .
Where do you live now ? I live in Texas now . uh-huh . I am
What do you feel is the major change that's been going on ? That's a tough question . t_empty t_empty
did they give you a number to call ? Right You can t_con do I wait for people to call me ?
it's like mama in the back kitchen huh ? Yeah . My word t_con it was the m- wonderful food .
Well what movies have you seen recently Valerie ? Let's see t_empty t_empty
it just doesn't seem possible does it . It's kind of stupid isn't it . Yeah I don't know how a few bucks can be worth shooting somebody
Did they have an outside consultant like a employ- - yes . I beg your pardon . Didn't they have an outside consultant too ?
Do you ? Yeah I do . Yeah
what cities are they looking at ? right now I think this Memphis they're trying to get the # teams . # Really ? To tell you the truth I haven't paid too much attention to that .
t_con how do you pronounce that ? Bichon Frise . F R I S E . It's B I C H O N F R I S E .
t_con you said you were in Colorado Springs ? Yes . who knows you know it's always something with homes . we had a couple plumbing problems
is it Asian or is it European what is their location t_con where are they
The Middle East Crisis should we be there ? dear that's a hard one . I guess so . Are you ready ?
Do you use P C -s ? constantly . Well how about you . t_empty
Are you from the Maryland area ? Uh-huh it's difficult yeah
t_con anyway where do you like to eat ? well we don't have any children this is our night out . actually on those times we even say please don't sit us next to a table with other children
I bet you used them all up over Christmas . Yeah do I . You mean you use credit cards ?
t_con should we have just stayed out of it ? Well I wish we could stay out of it Well do you think the U S should even be involved ? as the world leader in the sense trying to resolve these issues Huh-uh .
# t_con # are you going to buy it ? You can buy them . t_con you're going to make one for yourself Did someone just come up with this design
what's your situation ? I work for the University of New Hampshire Uh-huh . t_con I'm pretty satisfied myself .
Well how many rooms do you think We have four rooms downstairs and a pantry -- golly How many square feet do you have ?
I don't know your age Judy t_empty # I # guess the biggest - What changes
Who makes that car ? Nissan . there's a lot of features on there that are desirable if you're going to pay that kind of money for a car . t_con it's comfort .
t_laugh Did you teach in all subjects or in all grade levels Yeah . t_con I went out and played substitute for a while and decided nope not for me . in Alabama where I came from they allow you to substitute if you got a four year degree .
Do you still have the car ? No those and - Wow .
what do you use yours at home for ? Well that's actually a good question . well who is this that's quite an expense to look for
How long do you have to bake it ? let's see . Uh-huh . Now that would be good .
didn't he have a woman t_con wasn't that Reagan . Okay from Massachusetts .
Well isn't it weird at Christmas time without snow ? No . He said it was a pain . shoveling and everything else .
It's lovely isn't it ? Yes . we went there for our twenty-fifth wedding anniversary . Yeah
Have you gone out to Fort Worth to see the space exhibit ? No Huh-uh you know . Well it can't afford to t_laugh  .
okay ? Okay . well let me go a head and push one That's what this was
Did you have that done professionally t_con # did you do that yourself ? # I imagine it did . Yes
t_con if you had other musical people in your family . I'm sorry ? I was wondering if your spouse - Uh-huh .
What about you ? Well I exercise regularly . t_con if I have a lunch hour with nice weather I get out and walk . -- t_con I love to walk
Do you enjoy it t_con is it - t_con I really feel kind of guilty for not working out more than I do because there's a facility right downstairs where all we have to do is run down there t_con right downstairs there's a facility .
Where do you think it's going to go in twenty years ? I haven't the slightest idea . t_con let's see social changes Yeah .
Maury Povich ? Yeah he's black Yeah
Have you you know ever thought you know just how much of that money should go to other people that really don't deserve it ? well yeah t_laugh  . How much of your resource should you dedicate to making things work for others ? t_con as a result you know it's a trade-off you know for the common good you know . For the benefit of others you know .
t_con do you have a lot of people come in and have to prepare for them ? no . Do you do most of your cooking at home t_con aft- to you .
what's going to happen when she gets there . Yeah she's just going to be you know - I concerned about you know -
Are you there ? Uh-huh . t_empty t_empty
Where to start . Well I think - Okay t_laugh  . t_empty
Who do you work for ? I don't what else can we talk about ? So much for Circuit City .
t_laugh How much of a golfer are you ? Are you a hacker ? Right . I think golf isn't it ?
Are you strict vegetarians ? We're not vegan vegetarians . # is # if we can eat there or not . # Oh . #
Did you have your own business t_con you do that as just on the side or what ? t_con I do that t_con I do this
what about being unanimous . that's sort of a strange case because I wonder what happens when eleven people thinks someone's guilty and one person doesn't that the way it works there yeah
Have you been in there ? Yeah Circuit City . # Circuit City . #
They went all the way down ? Front to back . You know straight across . good .
Just out of curiosity what kinds of things were they doing when they were considered a bad place ? Well to me it was dirty for one thing . Hired new nurses and just really redid it you know . Uh-huh .
How about you ? Well we don't really get together -- t_con it's been fun . that's wonderful .
Do you work at T I ? I don't that's right . Yeah
How many times have you talked ? probably five or six . I know . well . Well you'll get it over with here t_laugh  .
do you feel that the current trend in families spending time together is a positive one or a negative one ? I think it's improving actually . I can relate to that . Yeah
Again . Yeah . I think tickets are - t_con they're banking on doing good next season .
t_con you're still getting a good bit of the rain though . we did have a little bit of rain yesterday . okay . Yeah
what kind of house do you live in ? Well we live in a brick home in far north Dallas Okay t_empty
Aren't they supposed to be coming out with some sort of special gas or something that doesn't emit certain chemicals or something ? I don't know . -- just the burning of the che- - Uh-huh .
have you ever read that book ? No t_con these countries here which you know are you know like in NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR - Uh-huh .
What's the name of the bakery ? t_empty t_con we wear aprons and have to pull our hair back t_laugh Okay .
t_con you have one at work . Yes not personally no
Oh yours is small . Yes . t_laugh  . Um .
do you have any other further comments ? No we've been doing this three or four minutes . -- it would be a good idea .
t_con are you - something as simple as a walk with my wife is very enjoyable . Is it a pleasure for you Right .
Charlene was Delta Burke ? Charlene was Jean Smart the blond headed . t_con Jan Hooks has taken Charlene's part . She's taken the Suzanne's part
have you taken any incoming calls ? Th- is my second one . t_con tonight this woman called t_con she was real interesting .
Why do they do that ? t_empty t_con I said adios I'm not paying you t_con they started charging annual membership fees
Well do you have any television programs that you watch regularly ? this is kind of tough . t_empty t_empty
Did you have them in a center or something last summer ? Well we did -- which was - right .
Is Pennsylvania kind of out of line there ? Well actually I don't think they're out of line . What do you think ? t_con after the fact the State of Pennsylvania can find out about it and send you a bill for the sales tax appropriate to that item that you purchased as well as interest and penalties from the time that you bought it .
It may be free but is it good education t_con that's just it Is it good education ? Uh-huh .
who was on the music people wasn't that Fishbone . No do you watch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE yesterday ?
What type of foods do you cook t_con what would you cook in let's see if you were giving a dinner party ? Food . well the subject we're supposed to be talking about let's see is food .
What kind of wok do you have is it a real Chinese wok . t_con we do a lot of stir fry vegetables . Uh-huh .
In Durant Oklahoma ? Yeah . I go there real close .
Didn't like it ? -- no . a friend of mine -- - yes
well that's interesting isn't it if it's true . AIDS has more money than breast cancer  . t_con yet the funding has already exceeded
Well I was wondering if you got your dog originally as a pet for them or just because you'd had dogs before Well we have had a dog before . Uh-huh . have five .
You think the C I A doesn't spy ? I'm sure they do . They do . Exac-
t_laugh What kind is it ? A Keeshonden . we have one . those are my kids .
- Yes Are you here in local Texas Yeah .
are you have you been singing a long time t_con have you studied ? uh-huh . Yeah
do you have an opinion on that on the U S R ? I think I'm skeptical about the whole thing . and a little bit worried about them because of the his- of Russia . Okay t_empty
Any kind of recent painting you've done yourself ? Have you done any recently ? Mike I guess we'll be talking about painting recently . Okay
Is that also what's in uh hairsp- aerosol ? Well they used to be Because if they ever come up with a reasonable working agent in place of fluorocarbons then uh - and who ever does is going to make uh a mint .
How about you ? Well I work at T I Uh-huh . I guess I was just old enough not to be very comfortable in it .
have you been mugged in Atlanta ? no . Yeah . -- t_con you're kind of on your own t_laugh  .
how long have you lived there ? see it's three - Uh-huh We're really glad with all the rain we've had in the last couple of years that we have a really good roof .
How do you feel about that ? I hadn't thought of it from that point of view before . t_con the two judges would go ahead and make the final decision . t_con they only w- cover fif- percent of the decision or fifty percent
I think it went to Lockheed didn't it ? Yes . I saw Seven Eleven that was hiring . Is it many other corporations in the area ?
What is your suggestions ? The educators need to be a little bit more open minded as well as innovative in dealing with the various students to get the maximum potential out of the person . What do you propose that they do ? t_con you're right they do get bored really fast if they already know what you're talking about .
Do you think it's an economic c- t_con do you think that we're all trying to keep up with a certain standard of living ? t_con now it's pretty much an economic necessity of places for both parents to work . Uh-huh .
That's up there by Kentucky isn't it ? Kentucky ? North Carolina . Well all right
You kind of got a span there t_empty yeah . t_con we have got still all sorts of good activities since -
Do you think he's the hero that he's being called by a bunch of other media ? well not really though I think he's probably doing the right thing for a man in his position I don't it's very strange that the media hasn't questioned him more strongly to gay sex or intravenous drugs or anything like that as they probably would for a lot of other people . I don't know
he is going to build you a fence . Well he's giving me an estimate . Who's going to come and build me a fence too . Uh-huh .
What does a nonexempt sound like ? you're too informed . You don't sound like a nonexempt . What ?
You use the sneak- system . Right t_laugh  . And carry it over to there and see if they're not using the printer We have one in the office
They treat it with chemicals or something ? Why can't trees break down ? It is because they - How can it be bad ?
Well now who do you play with ? Do you have friends that play with you When my wife let's me . pretty much .
# Do you miss living there ? no # Yeah . I really miss them . # You know . #
What have you got growing right now ? you know tomatoes that are starting to bloom -- - I can't remember a year when we didn't have one of some kind . of some size you know
well if you had all your money in the world or something . - If I had all the money I wanted then that's whole different matter . May be two different things . t_con would I probably actually t_laugh buy . -
# t_con what # about that as an invasion of privacy ? Yeah . # I've # heard of things like you know making them somehow or something like that or you know putting them all someplace like in a # kind of # - t_laugh Yeah tha- would be kind of an extreme .
What do you like to camp ? How do you like to camp ? Yeah . They suggested that we discuss what we think of when we say camping .
Now when was that when were you there ? August eighty-eight . t_con just the photos I have of it and gosh incredible and be so close t_con it was really really fabulous
Magic ? -- well I am sorry that he has the virus . What do you think Doug of Mister Johnson ? I think that it would be a good thing for the government to increase funding for medical research in general .
what do you think are the most important benefits for those working for you other than their present salary ? t_empty let's put it this way Well what do you think of the -
#What# type of art do you focus on ? very you know - #That's great .# t_con I'm very handy
do you know who he is ? Yeah t_laugh  . So I like Gordon Lightfoot Uh-huh .
What about you ? We found this Oriental tile game called Mah-jongg  . some T V watching . Yeah .
what did you normally do ? We normally yeah - t_con when you all went camping is that what you normally - We recently moved from the Rocky Mountain area up in northern Utah down to here because of work and haven't been able to enjoy fishing like I used to up there which is clear water fishing and streams and rivers .
you how many times have you called by the way t_con how many times have you been called ? Go ahead Uh-huh
About half a liter . -- it's not a liter Yeah . it's in a can that's taller but not as big around .
What kind of a computer do you use at work ? I have a P S one I B M type . Yeah . Well that sounds interesting .
Well what do you think about it ? Well most of the stuff up until now in the recent months I don't have any problem with . t_empty t_empty
# What does he charge me ? # I don't know . # but ten dollars or what d- he charge not even that . Yeah
You know whose buying them ? The power company . t_con you know people are buying them . # To operate yeah . #
Are you a T I -er No Okay  . t_empty
Do you do sports t_con do you go out ? t_con how about like on the weekends . Yeah
I'm wondering if my bigger problem is getting the wallpaper taken down first . Because I think - Well I was going to ask if you planned to paint over it or try to strip it . Uh-huh . t_con I'm hoping that it won't be too much of a problem .
You want to start ? Well I guess I would first identify myself as middle aged t_empty t_empty
are we doing lethal injection now ? Yes Uh-huh . have to go through the whole thing .
For woodworking ? Uh-huh . So what kind of equipment do you have ? well that is interesting .
Well how do you feel about capital punishment ? t_laugh Well I just last Friday got off a capital murder case . t_empty t_empty
t_laugh t_con I also don't know if you've read any of the early republican documents when they were arguing through constitutional law written by Hamilton and all those people . No I think I checked that as a question I'd be willing to discuss too t_laugh  . Don't have a great -
Did you go alone or with a group or - I used to go with my brother . That sounds like it'd be fun . Uh-huh .
so you do recycle don't you ? yeah . I know it . I know it
Have you seen that ? Huh-uh . A new one we found we really like is that DINOSAURS . t_con mostly they're just little vignettes .
Well what changes do you think are most significant over the past few years ? Any individual thing -- Yeah . -- t_con I don't think that we have gotten there yet .
how many people were there ? t_empty wow -- this was everybody .
Why did they do that ? That's exactly what they needed to do to get their act together . -- # they kept doing that . The Gramm Rudman Act .
I guess you own a car . Yes And transportation expenses Uh-huh .
did you get to go to Hawaii ? Yes . t_con probably the one I liked most was Hawaii t_laugh  . -- t_con I'm trying to think of the ones that I've been on that I liked the most
when is your next one scheduled now . t_laugh Well it's like the last one was my high school graduation Uh-huh it's gorgeous .
did you ever go to Texins at all when you were working for T I ? t_empty That's okay . Well I'm sorry t_laugh  .
Were out of state for a while was that a smaller town than Dallas area . Yeah you really don't . No
they each think that if more people vote they'll get more votes Yeah t_laugh  . Uh-huh  . t_con people always get upset about it too because you know every year the politicians are the ones that are usually pushing for more people to vote
I'll let you start first okay ? Okay . Okay . t_empty
Just because of the - Well too many kids and I think too many infections and things coming in . how come you wouldn't take them to a day-care ? Probably find someone -
How ? Don't answer your phone Hello . But I do know of a way to get around the computer generated calls . Huh .
-- then you broke your heart . it was awful -- June . Isn't she ?
t_con probably in College Station there wasn't a whole lot of choice . No t_con as a family you all just visited nursing homes Uh-huh .
You are what kind of buff ? Superficial t_con I am a superficial buff . I like to read stuff like that .
t_con did you have to do it the same every week ? Well basically yeah Could you change that as you felt like it And make my job flexible in that case .
She knows how to twist this around Yeah . She knows how to do that . she's smart at what she does .
Do you work for T I ? No Uh-huh . t_con we're going to talk about what kind of clothes we wear while we work .
Now how many could you serve ? Okay . t_con I'll lay those on top of my salad you know to make it look nice and things like that . # and put # some color into it you know
# Thomas ? # Yeah I'm trying to think of his name and what they put him through in # regards to # - well Supreme Court -
have you ever seen MURPHY BROWN or anything like that ? I don't think so t_laugh  . I like things like I just mentioned # That's # my opinion
How long is this going to go on do you know ? I don't know . Uh-huh . Did you feel rewarded while you were doing it .
So do you fish mainly for trophies t_con do you eat what you fish . That would have been something . Did you t_laugh  .
So how's the baby do you think t_laugh  ? What ? it's just suggested ? It's just a suggested topic .
t_con you know did we make the right choices ? We do not know you know just being very very politically astute about how to shape and mold the future . # Uh-huh . #
So you graduated from which high school ? Trinity . all right . Okay
you did ? In fact the first year we were married he was already over there two years when we got married you know we even lived there for a while when my husband was in the Navy . what thoughts do you have on the subject ?
t_con if you have some other things you want to talk about as having to do with P C -s . - Not too much . although I think we've probably been talking at least ten minutes - t_con well I have not really paid much attention because I -
t_con what's the interest ? Well now that's the card see . for the green card . Yeah
Where do you go ? We lived in Oklahoma t_con we used that to go camping . Uh-huh .
What is it about nursing homes ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
t_con this is the man that was in front of you ? Yeah . t_con he's going to testify for the State against her so he'll have his sentence reduced . t_con they finally extradited him
-- that school up there ? - he said that it was just like that . Yeah . I don't know
t_con what do they do with you guys if that you guys get - we get counseling Well I suppose they fire you and everything right then huh ? Yeah .
Have you eaten there ? Yes . now I haven't eaten there . Yes
t_con is # it a pest ? # # Yes # is this some sort of a disease t_laugh  . What kind of a -
You didn't have to mix paint then right . No . t_con I think it only took one can . t_con it's a small room
# Do you # think the program came # first or the # - # yeah # Boy # Now do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that the you know you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program .
so what do you think about putting the elderly in a nursing home ? Well I think that it varies on the individual basis . Okay . t_empty
do you ever watch that ? Yeah we sort of got hooked on LA LAW . -- we like to watch that .
like what ? Well just like that air bag . Yeah t_con I keep saying lets put it off lets put it off because I'm hoping they'll get so many better features .
do you have them there ? well we may have just a couple over here . Yeah uh-huh .
# Well have you called ? # t_empty I had not done # - Oh .
t_con how'd that go ? they - I built three houses in my life Yeah
Are they getting all the data they need ? Well I don't know Yes really .
You don't ? t_con well they're all saying that they're going to do you know whatever is best for their campaign anyway . I don't remember anything about Dukakis Okay
are you also t_laugh Yes t_laugh  . I What's that ?
what's he teach ? C V A E . my h- teaches in Plano . Yeah
what about you ? Well actually I work full time Right . t_con some fun thing to do sometime .
# Do you # enjoy cooking ? t_empty # Alright  . # I guess we're going to discuss food and cooking .
Do you want to tell me about summer vacations you've taken t_empty Okay . Certainly .
you fish upstream ? Right . You fish upstream . no .
what is your favorite food for a dinner party ? I don't know hello t_empty
t_con you do that even in January yeah . Yeah . -- better for us if it hasn't been this totally wet before we go t_laugh  .
Aren't they laying off several thousand people ? They might be t_con I B M is what I'm looking at right now . a lot of people use human factors
Well what are some of your favorite inexpensive places ? we'll go to them all . Yeah . t_con we eat junk food at home --
# t_con do you # just not feel like it's not really going to make that much difference if you don't vote t_empty t_con I don't know . # that will tie you down a little bit .
Do you like Randy Travis ? I've never listened . That is excellent . Uh-huh .
what country were you in Europe when you were - No I don't think the United States - Well they need a schedule I think .
Shoot man it's what midnight almost ? What ? twenty-one  . Yeah
well you are seeing quite a different climate and quite a different neighborhood . That's right t_con I'm originally from Boston . before that I was at school in Rochester New York
What do you watch ? t_empty Uh-huh . # how to handle # things in situations .
Do you know had a I'm saying ? Well even educated play supervised play can teach without - t_con I'm not sure that really child care per se should instill any education per se . t_con that's not certainly what you want for your child or what you would give your child yourself
did they do that before you went in or what ? they do it before you go in Uh-huh . Yeah .
Have you seen + h- of ALL THINGS CONSIDERED ? No t_con she watches a lot of the cable news network . My wife on the other hand is home most of the day
You know well what kind of a situation do they get there t_con what are you know - -- # will then # people go to private schools ? # Uh-huh . #
Isn't that awful t_laugh  . t_empty wow . for instance the local sales tax is eight and a quarter percent .
Well how much do you earn on the cans I didn't know ho- kind of an idea to give her for - -- take an extra minute or two . Yeah .
the beach is really nice isn't it . Yes Oh . beach is nice
t_con do you want to discuss the recipe ? Well - Right . Uh-huh .
t_con they could be fired for that ? t_pause You know that kind of unfair also . t_con they happen to be tested Monday morning t_con you know it's been the whole weekend since they've done anything
I wondered if you were taking any special precautions in your neighborhood ? Well I think we have a neighborhood watch t_laugh  . -- to hear about all the problems . Uh-huh .
t_con what would that be like a clam or - Right . Uh-huh . Now what is the steamed shellfish you said ?
is it true that Caddo Lake is the only natural lake in the State of Texas ? Yeah uh-huh . Yeah
What kind ? copperheads mostly I don't think I would like that . That's kind of rough when you got to fight snakes off when your sleeping .
Do they do it with news papers as well ? They have done it some there's psychological pressure against employing people to do that kind of thing although scouts and hockey teams and ball teams those kinds regularly do bottle drives where they go around in various neighborhoods and collect the bottles at individual homes . We certainly have a fair number of people that are on welfa- and unemployment insurance and that kind of thing .
what have you seen lately ? Well CITY SLICKERS and STAR TREK FIVE . Well let me see t_empty
do you have a family fleet Yeah do you have more than one vehicle in your fleet ? That's true .
Didn't he used to ? Not really . he was just kind of walking around . He never did come in out of a box I don't think .
t_laugh Does he shed a lot ? He does . we like him . t_con he's pretty okay
where have you - I've been camping for years not on a regular basis What about you Yeah .
Using it for a trampoline now ? Yeah Did he take that back to California with him ? what happened to Reagan's safety net anyway ?
It's very impressive I'm sure . Uh-huh they really did like it . t_con the boys loved it you know
What kind of insurance do you have up there t_con is it real high up there ? Yeah . I forgot about that .
Did you cry through it ? Yes we've both seen one t_laugh  . Good
Do you do most of your cooking at home t_con do you have a lot of people come in and have to prepare for them ? t_con aft- to you . t_con a very good afternoon to you .
What are you settled in a place ? Yeah yes sir Homes
t_con is it just coincidence it was during this period ? Well I really don't know . So then you think it's Reagan and Bush have done this the statistics prove that t_laugh
What kind of do you all use ? Well he from Detroit -- He's got a good - -- t_con he's pretty gassed about it .
Have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted ? Not inside . that's an awful lot . my goodness
# Well did you see the one . # - t_empty -- # # he doesn't even try to let the person know he's getting onto them . # Yeah . #
t_con have you seen those univ- lamps where the little balls go around . You mean the clocks . t_con there's a card table doesn't have any chairs just a card table . some more jewelry suitcases t_con there's an attache case and cordless telephone
You have one that often . Yeah t_laugh  . We generally have a concert every other week well we rehearse once a week .
-- a real dog and cat ? t_empty You wonder how in the world they ever got them to do some of these things . It's just so realistic . Everything they do .
Weather-wise or otherwise ? Weather-wise . How has it been this week for you ? Okay
the one that wrote WUTHERING HEIGHTS . wasn't that Jane Ehre ? shoot gosh why can't I think of their names
Do you work for T I ? No # # I haven't given this matter enough thought . you would favor invasions of privacy on the other hand that's arguable but that people who's jobs are critical to public safety should have to meet special standards .
Do you think the jury should have a dollar figure for losing an arm a dollar figure for losing different body parts ? I don't know . how do you feel about setting like well for example a car type accident where # you know . #
How come their kids are getting that ? Yeah . You know my kids aren't getting that . t_con it's just Wait a minute t_laugh  .
t_con other than that . Well can you think of anything else we need to talk about . I can't think of anything on recycling . Uh-huh . -- in some of these big districts .
What did they name him ? I can't - Yeah . He's a little boy  .
what do you think about it ? Well I guess it's pretty good . t_con I do you think that the quality of the news events that you get are - Uh-huh .
do you think we're doing enough right now to - No Yes ? that's a good one .
know you know how to get money . Yeah Like my roommate's t_laugh laughing at me you know # because their schooling's paid for . # to manage money .
do you have healthy knees ? Yeah t_con you never know . They seem to think that it won't
t_con do we yeah do they time this thing for us Well have you -
It's something that goes with it ? t_empty t_con the Serger is not a sewing machine itself . and seams that need to be really strong on the sewing machine .
You know ? I don't blame you at all . I don't blame you . t_con th- I'm a little bit fearful of trying that just women .
You mean in terms of the economy the economy - Uh-huh . The war ?
So are you happy with what you are doing now ? Yeah I'm just happy still to have a job . t_con you know what can one do .
is that the crime t_con it's already some chart and determine the punishment Yeah . I don't know how it would take to be with a true perfect system if one exists .
Is that right ? The # A -s ? # I guess they are different leagues . -- he may have watched them and seemed to think that they were pretty good .
have you seen any of the behind the scenes of that movie . No yeah . Yeah
it's real easy to spend other people's money . # Right ? # Sure it's just unlimited #
I don't know how yours has been . Well it's been real hot here lately . t_con it's kind of nice . Yeah
And she still goes through your clothes ? Yeah see we're not No
Are you a teacher ? no t_con I'm a trumpet player . Uh-huh .
t_con where do you meet ? t_empty t_con there's usually between a hundred and fifty and two hundred and fifty people . t_con they come as far away from California
Did you read that one ? Yeah I liked CUJO . that was good .
t_laugh Well tell me what books have you read lately ? t_laugh  . Well let's see I thought Kathy's Kester t_laugh  . t_con I knew as soon as I heard your voice
t_con are you familiar with any of that ? Well I know that we have some relatives that live around like the area in there Well since you live close I don't know if you know about what Louisville is doing with recycling t_empty
Wha- was that on do you Yeah . Was it on the radio every week ?
t_con do you like football ? I follow the Cowboys Wow . Yeah .
How do you like to camp ? I can camp just about most anyway t_laugh  . What do you like to camp ? Yeah .
We're to talk about what lawns and gardens ? Lawn and garden work and what you enjoy and what kind of work you do . I missed a part of it . Okay
Are you a T I-er ? No t_empty t_empty
are you there ? Yes t_empty t_empty
show off a little bit t_laugh  . Yeah . yeah Yeah
t_con do you have to get a shade tolerant grass ? Is that what you're - It just happened automatically . t_con you didn't have to worry about growing grass there .
Is it small ? It's not much bigger . It's tiny . How about yours ?
what was that one about Bob ? t_empty I know for sure that that one about - that's pretty much what I do .
Is that part of our problem ? Yeah Well do you think it's time that we go for new coaches ? Oh .
t_con then h- do they pattern their own ? Well everyone makes it's own model t_con that's part of I think teaching too is what a family is like t_con it's not the same we are -
Is that pretty typical for your area ? Well for the neighborhood I'm in - I see . okay .
How they going to pay their bills . They just lay them off . t_con when it come down to layoff they don't really consider people and you know their well being as far as you know how they going to come in . Uh-huh .
t_con how old is your baby ? She just was premature I can't neglect that because of the baby either . going to make any effect on since I have to eat the same as I did before .
# basically ? Basically no . # # Well I personally don't have any problem with drug testing employees or potential employees do you ?
What was your degree in ? political science . Yeah . I went where I wanted to go .
Are we going to lose more lives there ? See t_con I don't know I can't tell the future that's what scares me so much about it . t_con what's it going to cost us in the long run there in Saudi ? that's true .
do you sing in a choir or a choral group ? not right now . Uh-huh . I don't play an instrument .
I guess then the water aerobics would be probably the best thing for you wouldn't it ? Well that way though was the fact that when I went in there is wasn't for the water aerobics . it will bother me . # Then that would
Not a grub worm ? no . No . A cutworm ?
he didn't have a license for the gun correct ? I don't know . getting back to your son's football practice because it really sort of astonished me that police aren't doing - Let me ask you
Do you work outside the home ? No t_con we do everything we can possibly as a family . t_con you know whenever we husband has time off or something we take them to the zoo
Which program did you use ? Did you use Word Perfect ? Right . that's one of great thing about it t_laugh  .
# Well # do you all work for T I or for - No t_con we're kind of country # but not too . # Uh-huh .
Is traction much of an issue for you up there . Traction ? handy to have a truck and not have to borrow one . Sure .
you know what I mean t_laugh  . That's right . t_con you know if I didn't wait five years for it to be good enough grow really do .
I guess you don't enjoy that very much . Not really . Okay . t_con I do low impact aerobics .
Sulked for a while t_laugh  . Yeah . They went and hid after they got dried off . t_con they were mad at me for quite a while .
Have you been up to that ? t_empty I n- been to South Dakota . Could be .
t_con you do that every day No t_con you gradually go down again . t_con you have thirty minutes of aerobic activity starting you know slowly and then working up to you know a high heart rate
What is a marsala wine a sweeter wine ? Yeah t_con it was really good . t_con I tried it
t_con you think the mountains and the barrier ? Yeah -- I think it's a fairly clean city compared to some Really it's fairly clean
How many kids do you have ? Two . verses - Uh-huh .
So Mike what are your opinions on trial by jury ? Well I work for an insurance company Okay . t_empty
The war ? Uh-huh . what do you think about the war recently ? Okay
Where else have you been ? t_laugh Well that's great . -- if you were alone
when you go in there they wouldn't make you do theirs . Would they ? no Yeah . A diet ?
Did you have him in a cage ? No t_con they move and about scares you to death sometimes . well the thing about them is that they hold so still you don't notice that they're there
if you had a choice of your car what would you get ? Well it's going to sound really strange t_laugh really t_con what's your next purchase supposed to be ?
What do you think has caused our horrible situation ? t_empty Well I don't know . Right .
# you do # # t_laugh  ? # # We have two newspapers . I get all my news from # newspapers . # I'm kind of the opposite of you .
How was it ? Well I think they had a two teachers yeah . yeah
I do not know how old you are t_con you sound a little bit t_laugh younger than me . I do not in work place too sometimes . they are not learning how to well like boundaries . -
did you ? t_empty t_con where else did we go # lot # better t_laugh  .
Have you ever visited it ? I've visited the Wyoming area . I haven't . No .
Is it the true story Yeah . Uh-huh . what we're really seeing .
what do you think of Incaviglia's loss . I kind of think it was necessary I don't know Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth .
# You think you # prefer the jury ? You think your chances are better ? I think I prefer # the jury system myself . # t_con I'm not sure I like that t_laugh  .
What kind of recycling programs do you have in Rowlett ? well right now they've got a kind of a central location off of the main highway Start . t_empty
Any particular writer ? yes Mysteries . t_con I like mysteries .
So how do we fix the national budget ? Damned if I know . t_empty t_empty
Well how about you what magazines do you have at home ? it's wonderful snow t_laugh  . they are -
t_con Sarasota is on the west coast ? Yeah . # Uh-huh . # # okay . #
Do you go through this every year t_laugh  . Yeah yeah . Well I'm trying to get back in shape for softball this spring .
t_laugh Hasn't left you stranded . that's exactly what it is you know well it's worked . How did it go for you ?
what does a computer club do . I didn't know there were such things . Yeah It's kind of neat .
What about politics on it ? Oh . Right . doing the jobs equally you know
How do yo- I think it's justified . Uh-huh . t_con I don't know what el-
So well what business are you in ? I'm an electrical engineer . DIRTY DANCING and CROSSING DELANCY are two of my favorite . I do too .
You never think about that do you ? Yeah . the thing that he went into quite a bit of detail about how much of a problem it is to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere . I would think so too  .
t_con you still backpacked and camped out . Yeah . Uh-huh . there was just copperheads everywhere .
Ready to talk ? I guess so t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
is he an inside dog also t_empty Does he get - t_con it's just wonderful .
So how about you Charles ? Well I do an awful lot of preparation of documents I get all my thoughts down and go back and clean it t_laugh up very very readily . -- t_con that makes it very very nice .
Are they young Five and two . Uh-huh . Two ?
are you in a tech like do you do technician work or something ? really I # do not wish my time to come .
What kind of business is it ? t_empty I've got a small company on the side that I do things with or self improvement .
Well see what do you do ? I do consultation and testing of various kinds for English as a second language programs . I use it in my business . Well do you use your computer for just things around the house or in the  . -
is that what you usually use in the house is latex ? Yeah if you dripped it on something as long as you wiped it up it was real easy to clean . t_con you can drip it on you know
What school are you going to ? I'm at B Y U . I see . t_con I'm more into college football than professional I think .
What grade ? - Yes really ?
Have you ever been there ? No Yeah . t_con it is stripped when you come back .
Were you all transferred ? Yeah -- I didn't even want to talk . it was very very difficult .
well like if you were having a dinner party what would you cook a variety of things you know vegetarian and nonvegetarian ? Yeah Uh-huh I cook most of the time because I -
Just one ? It's just one story . How many stories ? t_con that the thing I probably like the most about it .
t_con you had the dogs before you had the baby ? Right . Five ? Five  .
They have ? Sure . they've been getting cleaner . How are your lakes
do you like those detective stories ? Yeah . A true crime story . yeah
How long have you been in this house ? We've been in here ten years . it does . Yeah
Is he going to be impartial ? t_empty What about the judge who's hearing the case ? Yeah .
Not really ? -- we really only have maybe three four months of I'd say warm weather . Well I imagine that where you live you're in warm clothing quite a bit of the year . yeah .
do you own your house ? right First question There you go .
do we just go ahead ? Uh-huh . Okay t_empty
t_con is it more of a company ? t_empty pay attention to it That's right
It's eight and a quarter I think . Yeah # Yeah # Was it . #
What kind of music do you enjoy ? I really enjoy the oldies - Uh-huh . t_con I like to listen to music .
first I need to know how do you feel about sending an elderly family member to a nursing home ? Well of course it's one of the last few things in the world you'd ever want to do you know . Unless it's just you know really you know and for their own good . Okay . t_empty
# Well smoking and # all that stuff ? yeah smoke them an- # - # we sure do
Where is that ? it's about thirty miles from Sherman . I live in a real small little place . I do not live in a city .
Where are you ? t_empty Uh-huh . to the land area .
it's in Salt Lake City right ? t_empty t_laugh Do you like S- - I'm so homesick .
What do you have at home ? actually it's a T I computer t_con I do not have one of my own at home . -- continually you know
You took them to someone's home ? Uh-huh . t_con it was in home child care . Okay
Do you find it difficult picking up guns that are not registered ? No . Uh-huh . t_con we're wanting to get a couple of more that no one knows about .
that's kind of like a Victorian style ? Exactly . Yeah -- that will define the shop .
-- isn't it great ? t_laugh It's just a miracle that how fast that adds up you know . Absolutely . t_con I don't know if you participate in that or not
t_con are you go directly from high school into college ? I went - have you been out working and then gone back to school what kind of -
what kind ? I have a Schnauzer Two dogs t_con I have two dogs .
or or what would you like to see ?  . I would like uh - what would be a happy medium well how do you feel as far as uh -
I didn't think you could Yeah if you had a thousand dollars that means there's another hundred dollar deduction I've given you . Of your consumer credit .
You don't ? I think the country is too ingrained in the inches and just the general background I don't like metric system . No
Do you usually get a message ? Yeah . let me try it again because usually - Well hang on
What was the age difference between the youngest and the oldest ? t_laugh Six years . t_con whether it was going back and laying in bed with them and just shooting the breeze or whatever telling them stories or reading to them . # Yeah . #
do you have a lot of large families out there in Texas Very few . t_laugh Oh . Utah's a lot better t_laugh than Texas .
t_con do they stay at - No . Do they go to a day-care center t_con it's been quite a few years since I've had to think about that .
You don't even know who to payoff t_laugh  . t_laugh somebody walks in the classroom there's so many of them t_laugh  . man in Dallas you don't even know who's in administration
Who knows maybe we do some more Catholic schools t_con what you can do unless you just get down to the parent level - It all money based .
What's your feeling about benefits ? What sort of benefits would you like to get from a big company . t_con maybe that's probably the toughest thing in the whole world to do . t_con I think the biggest benefit or the biggest benefit other than wages that anybody could get in dealing with a large company is to be in a situation where you get to know what's going on .
t_con do you take the ferry or what ? I can - Do you drive there Toronto I want to go see .
Twenty percent ? -- I have no idea no -- What is your state income tax rate is ?
with Judith Light ? Yeah . Did you see that one ? t_con I saw that other movie about MOTHER DAUGHT- MURDERER .
Isn't that neat ? That's wonderful . how wonderful . t_con they're going to Washington D . C . next December  . to sing for President Bush at the White House at Christmas time .
you didn't work at T I ? Yeah Are you d- - I'm member of the American Meteorological Society
Robby Williams does he have a funny part in it ? No What does - Uh-huh .
You know t_con first of all how many people had to die before the war you know # Uh-huh that's true . Yeah
# Well when she got home who took # care of her ? Yeah . She can't accept that we want # to be the care givers . # I didn't want to bother you .
How about you ? What do you have there ? Isn't that awful t_laugh  . wow .
Well did you go to college ? Yes Okay  . Okay .
Sounds like a lot of money though t_laugh Yes . Yeah . Now it was very nicely done .
What's everybody drive up there ? in Kenosha ? t_laugh  . I have to make this one last as long as I can . yeah .
I guess your dress changes . yeah What about season to season . Uh-huh .
are you in your thirties No I don't know Okay
Andrews ? t_empty Uh-huh . I was in the Air Force .
What about you ? I work for a fairly large company . They don't add anything . Uh-huh .
Well are you doing any kind of volunteer work now ? Not right now t_con I think they've gotten a lot out of it . t_con I've talked with several
I don't know if you've ever heard of it No t_con there's a book called LIFE EXTENSIONS Uh-huh .
Are you kind of away from the Blue Ridge Mountains t_empty Okay . well it's a little more towards the northern border of the state and pretty much in the eastern half of it .
Were you there at a ? - I wasn't there too long ago . t_con can you remember ? t_con what kinds of things did you experience in L A when you were there ?
What kind of movies in general do you like to watch ? well I like to be entertained once in a while Uh-huh . -- doesn't even sound like something I want to see .
Now was that just on handguns or was that on rifles ? Any kind of firearms . t_con I saw that it didn't stop crime in that state . t_con they have a total ban on guns
What about you where have you - Yeah . there's a golf course and just a whole bunch of camping sites .
credit # card ? # # W- # what about Well I guess we're supposed to talk
t_con I guess what's interesting have you seen the ads where they're offering to extend payments from things like the credit union's offering The extended loan payment for your car . t_con there were several other businesses there were several credit cards
t_con that just makes you sick almost doesn't it ? well it makes you understand that you know things are different t_laugh  . t_con I've seen her do it . her variety it says they won't eat the babies
Do you have any children ? No . Okay . t_empty
You ever work with Davis ? Davis Iron ? what is the boy from here ?  . t_con you probably work with -
I don't know if you've ever had too much to do with especially Asian Japanese families coming here in Plano we've got quite a few . they're going to be on everyone's mind for quite a while too long . its just the solutions that going to be in our political system
now do you work outside of the home ? I have just retired . that sounds mar- - Uh-huh .
Did you go to Mexico City anywhere near when the earthquake hit . No t_con it's just a big mess . It makes you know pressure on the nation and on the people and on the leadership and makes their inflation go up
t_con that's what we all are looking for isn't it something that we can just cook in a hurry after we get off work . yes t_con it be ready in just a few minutes t_laugh  .
t_con you just sew everything up huh ? Yeah -- It's not any porcelain at all . it's a cloth .
what is it ? Steroids . you can take those - you know developing and everything .
where do you like to go ? we enjoyed Yellow Stone real well last year . What's your out of the state type - yeah .
Do you like suspense movies t_con do you like just action And movies like that . Yeah .
# What about the speed ? # # If you get down on the ground you really can . Yeah . Can you really see it though ?
t_con is it just women that go there ? Yeah . I just love it . Really ?
What size stakes to put in  . t_empty t_laugh I guess so unless you want to talk about stakes . Well I guess that's it for camping t_laugh  .
What was the other thing ? Backpacking . Yeah . you said you did cycling ?
t_con what would you cook in let's see if you were giving a dinner party ? t_con the only reason why I may know a little bit about this is that I'm planning on having a barbecue pretty soon . What type of foods do you cook Food .
t_con what is your house like ? It's a two bedroom two baths duplex . Uh-huh . t_con you said that you live in Coppell .
is it a penal institution ? Is it designed for punishment ? Are they reformatories where we're trying to take people who can't survive or that aren't conforming enough to society so that we work well together . See I don't think the decisions that are going to be made on dea- penalty until we decide what our prison system is intended to do .
Do you like to get my stomach muscles toned up . yeah Yeah . well like I say I just do it at night you know
Port- # # Portland . who's the other one that's doing so well this year San Antonio
You mean it's stronger there ? yeah # Yeah . # # sort # of thing
t_con is your mother still living ? Yes . uh-huh . Uh-huh
What are they going up to thirty bucks or something ? Thirty or thirty-two for really good tickets . Yeah . Again .
Isn't that fun ? Went to Alcatraz . Yeah . yeah .
Do you think that would be a good idea ? well like I say I know that there are some type of programs that they have available for a youth to go and do work in the national parks and work in neighborhoods to do clean up and that sort of thing . Well what about a voluntary program ? Yeah .
Where you at ? well I'm in Monterey California right now  . -- don't have a whole lot there . # Yeah . #
Have you got a boat  ? No Supposed to talk about boats . t_empty
t_con I just wondering how I go about getting the cash t_laugh  . there's a number that you call Uh-huh . -- point things
t_con who's the other big guy ? Well in Oklahoma we say Garth Brooks t_laugh  . Like Clint Black he's pretty good Uh-huh .
now what d- kind of music do you listen to ? Well I listen to like ninety-seven point one you know more - Okay and that's his station so I call it the jeezer music .
Very comfortable smooth ride t_con it gets like twenty-six miles to the gallon on the road . t_con you're not even tired . t_con I have loved this car better than anything I've ever driven because you can go on the road and get there
# What d- # - -- think that I know that in my town you know most of the parents they're valued education . t_con I don't think that's the biggest part of it . although I I'm sure to some extent that money is part of the problem in the disparity
What are your m- interests ? just about any kind of music except acid rock t_empty t_empty
why should we help starving people somewhere else . Yeah . They're still people starving people here That's right .
Do you have electricity out there . # yeah . # Uh-huh . t_con you know now all my life is more like camping than not camping really .
t_con do you - I have three of my own Do you have watch children okay t_laugh  .
It's kind of stupid isn't it . Uh-huh . it just doesn't seem possible does it . Yeah
That's good isn't it  . Yeah that's what ours is . Yeah
do you ever ride a bike or anything like that ? I did . Yes . I just want to sit down and relax .
You weren't home ? no We were gone t_laugh  . They didn't call you for Mother's Day ?
You guys do you get much of a chance to hunt or anything I haven't had a chance to do any hunting since I've been down here . yeah . okay .
t_con is it your quadriceps that are the worst ? Yeah . t_con I am really sore after . is one or two timer a year if I do go on them
what do you like to cook ? it's funny that we're talking about this How about you actually t_laugh  .
Is it in the phone book ? I think so . Yes . is it in Dallas ?
# Why is that ? # -- to college for four years and got out you know -- I did have th- personal discipline . # Why ? #
t_con you don't want to ? No . Well my dad wants me to go back . -- Argentina .
What's your view ? t_empty What's your view . All right .
t_con what is the other one called . There was one guy I use to watch on E S P N t_con they have a couple of shows called basic training Uh-huh .
Now how long in advance do they let them know ? Well we plan on it every four years on one side of my family they plan on having like my p- and all their brothers and sisters and then all their kids and grandkids . Right
Well have involved in any other metric type things like  . . . - Yes t_con you know me- and has been for quite some time for tenths hundredths thousandths ten thousandths of an inch . t_con tenths of inches are normal .
You lost your business ? Yep . t_con finally boom t_laugh  . t_con things got worse and worse
Are they a hard worm ? No . No . They were not hard are they ?
I keep wondering sometimes why do I do this because it's so frustrating . You think you do pretty good one day t_laugh t_con you know it's so frustrating It's a competitiveness against yourself .
Well didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers ? Yeah he's such a nice man . You know t_con he said I get a kick out of it you know
# Hope it's a good program # there . Pardon ? I'm working on a bachelor's # degree . good .
Aspen ? Yes . Except we call it Aspen . that's what we have .
Four bedrooms ? t_empty We have got about twenty hundred . How many square feet do you have ?
Well how many credit cards do you have ? I've only four maybe . t_empty t_empty
what are your suggestions in making a family reunion successful t_laugh  . t_laugh Have a big family I guess Okay t_empty
Did you see that one that was really good . Yeah . with Judith Light ?
Are you in a house ? Yeah I live in an apartment t_laugh  . I don't live in a house
t_laugh Is that the kind of music that you like ? No t_con what you do is you also try to get up on stage and jump down on top of all these other people . t_con you knock people down
# t_con # you knew this these people are going to come # Yeah . # Can you imagine if someone started bombing your neighborhood
Now do you have little kids or what ? No Yeah I just don't understand that .
well you went out from Texas up in that area ? Uh-huh it really was great . Yeah
is that good ? Yeah . I haven't No
Do you work at T I ? Yeah . that's right . Yeah
you kind of think it's something else then ? Well that's what the environmentalists were claiming in this article . and parts of Vermont they showed pictures of extensive tree damage that they attributed to acid rain . Uh-huh .
Did you get the booklet on how to get the gifts and all ? No Yeah . So you've done this ten times ?
you don't think they got the codes from the U S already ? The U S would claim that they would have not given them to them . They basically would have you know had a they would have had to fly through you know two enemies . I see .
t_con how can a country stand to spend as much or much more than they already are on such a problem t_con then that kind of thinking is also tempered with the knowledge or at least the rumor t_aside that we're not spending as much per let's say afflicted person on cancer . I guess the first thing that comes to my mind not having any immediate friends with that problem is the financial end . The AIDS issue is a bit of a problem .
Is that what you mean ? Right . we have like the medi- insurance is separate . we're at Aetna with an ex- -
how are they going to protect themselves # so to speak . # # I agree . # t_con it still bothers me to see ladies out in combat or actually out in places where there is two or three of them there and five hundred men around . I spent plenty of years in the service
t_con t_con do you think that people should be required to give a couple years for the good of the country ? Well I don't really think that they sh- mandatory . Yeah I really had no idea .
t_con what about the community ? I guess it depends on who you talk to . # # you know what the news media is going to make of it So what's the prevailing thought within the community ?
t_con # you can feel that ? Yeah . # Yeah because when it's going up a hill it's going to break # in a direction . #
t_con + t_con you notice that Yes . t_con business Yeah
# Well what # do you think of Howse who is the coach for the pitchers ? The pitching coach ? Yes sir . As far as the Rangers are concerned I think they need some pitching .
Was it a six or twelve member jury ? it must have been six . how many members were on the jury ? Yeah .
t_con you think like C I A influence and our money over there . - yeah t_con amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader you know t_laugh  . we fall out of agreements with certain leaders
t_laugh Should we give it a try ? I guess we might as well t_laugh  . I'm sitting here going dear t_laugh  . t_laugh I know .
do you have children in school ? No It is you know that is so frightening .
do you have like a household ? Yes . as far as like big things like something comes up and you have to buy a T V or a big item like for the house . # Yeah . #
you wouldn't # have to make # - # it keeps # a long time . How long does it keep t_con it keeps in the refrigerator .
I don't know if you know about the W P A Yes I think that they ought to have something for the unemployed in a voluntary field like the - it was mandatory .
do you work for T I ? No . Well I tell you it's kind of funny now at e- at T I I don't - separated you know .
t_con you ? I'm going to B Y U Yeah . really .
Well what kind of car would you buy ? Well it's kind of hard to say Yeah . that's the same with us .
You watch those games ? yeah Those games are fun to watch . they're the big team in Rochester .
Well what kind of car would I want to buy . Yeah . Go ahead . All right .
t_con if you have talked about that in your classes you know in the last few years I'm sure that you have heard yeah . I haven't heard much lately it sort of calmed down .
It is a small world isn't it ? Yeah yeah t_laugh  . -- you know
t_con you want salary too plus what ? What's most important to you ? What would you rather have ? Okay .
t_con do you think it's more important to spend money on research or for support of people ? God Yeah I would probably agree with that .
# You actually # have students with beepers ? This is a rather wealthy suburb of Washington . t_con you can't operate in # a vacuum . # t_con tea- asked to do so much
Well you know the little boy the little one was trying to decide if there was a Santa Claus . Uh-huh No . Did you see the end of it ?
First off do you have children that are in it ? I have children that are in the Plano Public School systems What do you think of the public school system ? Okay .
You know how to get a job or you know just what your responsibility is . Yeah . uh-huh . Yeah
How many stories ? Just one ? t_con that the thing I probably like the most about it . We've got two living areas
Plain yogurt ? # just plain # yogurt . # Plain ? t_con I put a little yogurt in it too .
I'm sure you've seen some interesting developments in acoustics . I certainly have  . Well great . The end of last month .
well think about how many automobiles there are . Huh-uh . I think every - Well I really think it must .
Well maybe this year you can find a more central location . Well t_con the majority of them are in close quarters . Yeah . -- t_con it is harder for everyone to get in home .
Did they find who killed him ? yes . # Was he # murdered ? Yes .
Does like health insurance policies like for companies and things do they cover diseases like that ? I think they cover AIDS Exactly . Uh-huh .
Have you tried it yet ? No t_laugh  . Right . you call the eight hundred number
What line of work are you in now since you went to school well now I work for Texas Instruments . Yeah . if even if someone's home all the time there's still a lot of things that have to be done .
How about your community ? t_laugh My community Yeah t_con I hate to see our landfills being filled up and growing bigger and bigger and bigger where they are becoming a big problem for o- the people that are living today but for the future also .
Where have you been on a wonderful vacation ? t_laugh Well normally when we go on vacation we go home to Colorado . t_empty t_empty
t_con in his league do they have like a pitcher t_con do they have a standing ball or a machine or what ? Okay we start here at five .
Well when she was in high school did she always have to have all the new fashions Yeah Well y- mentioned your daughter had graduated from college . That's one of the reason that I stopped  .
what station do you listen to ? it's a local radio station . I get most of my news driving back and forth to work listening to the radio . Wow .
Is that a big thick book ? Yeah t_con there's THE HISTORY OF YOAKUM COUNTY TEXAS there . No .
Have you done a lot of this ? fifteen or twenty I guess . Yeah . They may not have too much traffic on Saturdays  .
What have you seen ? One comes to mind here what else have I seen . t_con let me see
They're not going to  . . . - Yeah it's still going to be the Indianapolis Five Hundred . I don't think they'd ever -
t_con is that what your into No that's true . Yeah
Do you want to be an R N Yeah t_con what are you planning to go into ? Yeah .
Do you like V- Halen or anything like that ? t_con how about Brian Adams ? so do I . # # Yeah
I was wondering whether you had actually some of the flowers that you had planted were bulb type that you would dig up and put down your garden and then put them back in later or something like that . No that's what I was curious about t_con then I've got a twenty-five by twenty area that I do gardening as far as you know tomatoes and cucumbers and beans
Really ? Yeah . I am pretty much against it t_laugh  . So how do you feel about capital punishment ?
What is your - I sell metal fabricating equipment and tooling . Where do you work ? okay .
I'm guessing you probably do . I don't have one in my home here . do you own a P C by the way ? Okay .
# Did # you all do a lot of organized things like Little League # soccer ? # # We # really did not . I think it was easier when they all had each other and could entertain each other and I was home more . # it a little bit difficult though .
Every year . No No . t_con you make it to that Longhorns Sooners game ?
Did they mail that to you or he brought it to you ? He brought it home . isn't that funny . Here's where a calculator but it's not even made by T I
Cu- you send us some nice weather ? Well it was nice today . Thanks a lot t_laugh  . It was heading north .
do they ? I think that's still an appropriate penalty to pay if they absolutely sure they got the right guy I think Virginia does too up here . Yeah
Where are you ? Up in Dallas . Oh . Sherman .
this would make a lot right ? Yeah Okay uh-huh .
Does your whole family like to do it like you you know for a vacation you'd go backpacking ? Uh-huh . That was loads of fun .
suppose they get Saddam Hussein which they eventually will he's got one less thing to go against him . -- using it . Right .
Isn't it amazing that somebody can write that many books t_laugh about science fiction ? I think that's unbelievable . it's fun to do that . uh-huh .
t_con it's right up your alley then . I suppose so . okay For N I S T the National Institute of Standards and Technology .
so which basketball teams are you interested in ? t_empty Okay t_empty
t_laugh What are you afraid of with them ? What am I afraid of ? I just don't like them t_laugh  . I don't like having credit cards for every store .
t_con what if that wasn't the case . What if we would have lost thousands of young men . t_con that wonderful # lives . #
With the worms ? Yeah . I think our cabbages and broccolis and that we have more trouble with that type of thing with the - not a who- lot .
# Do you watch the network news t_empty -- and then talking with people and just hearing what's going on . #  . # Yeah .
don't know if you know of it or not we had a requirement freshman year of just Humanities . went to Brandeis We had -
Isn't she fabulous ? she is wonderful . I have . Yes
well you don't have mountains in Texas do you . Where do you find places to camp ? now do you have a lot mountains you do .
Isn't it such a long running program . Yeah . right . Right
t_con is camping for you in a motor home or a trailer t_con do you actually put up a tent Do you go out -- camping are you talking about ?
Well do you have any pets ? of course those are my kids -- I see . no .
Well do you have any pets ? Yes t_empty t_empty
what did I say Peter ? I think you said Peter . Robert De Niro Robert De Niro ?
Do we pay too much ? Right . Taxes . Taxes .
On A B C ? I don't know t_laugh  . It was usually on Thursday nights . When was that on ?
Did he ? t_laugh  . Uh-huh . t_con he hated that . t_con our cat would sleep with us
How do you feel your career has gone ? I don't feel for the most part that I've been discriminated against . # It's one of those things that you know seems to happen . # in the past .
Do you do it at home or a club Well I usually play at home . When you exercise what do you do ? I can tell that I've not really done a whole lot .
how does the argument work if the bad guys are going to have guns anyway . What's the point of putting a restrictio- Well I'm still puzzled though what is the argument t_con that scares me too to tell you the truth t_laugh because I've been run off the road and all sorts of things .
Isn't there a Kmart everywhere ? That was so funny you better believe it . t_laugh we do have Kmart here
What do you think would be required and so forth ? I'll tell you Well Carolyn the main things I'd like to know is how do you feel about the environment of a nursing home before you would send someone there to live and so forth . Okay .
how do you like that t_laugh  ? Well have you been listening to Iacocca's arguments that Chrysler products are the only ones that all have air bags ? t_con we're going to buy an economy car t_con we're going to buy a van .
do you have either one ? Well I don't do anything with the lawn really we're going to talk about our lawn and gard- chores Okay .
What kind do you like to watch ? well I like shows like GROWING PAINS -- t_con you know there's so only a few that I like to watch routinely . yeah .
Is it the Bulls you're talking about ? Yeah of course this year is a good year to be a Chicago B- fan I guess because they're doing pretty good . Uh-huh .
t_con what kind do you have ? I've got a male Siamese about a year old here . # Yeah I do . # Okay Chuck do you have any pets # there at your home ? #
# club are you with ? I'm sorry ? t_con doing a mix of Nautilus and free weights . # I like that . # That was a little bit too much money .
Did you work t_con were you able to stay at home with him ? when your son was at home did you working ? - I would think so .
do you just try and keep them I guess firm and - Yeah I see . they are about a third of my body weight .
Well do we ? What do you do ? Right . Right .
Is that care or that type of idea completely foreign to them ? No . How was the Middle East in terms of that with children ? I'm just real curious .
shall we say ? t_empty Well I think this is one of the reasons that also that attorneys have such a unsavory reputation the courts that try to do the justice .
Is that how you're supposed to do ? I started at one edge and went over t_con did you start at the edge ? I didn't .
t_con why not hit the points the kid's really interested in ? t_con if he's interested he's going to study it Yeah . Instead of pushing the scales too far either direction it's great to be well rounded and hav- exposed to all this stuff .
t_con was it Roosevelt I can't remember that's sort of like what Truman had I like the idea of being a mandatory thing for welfare .
Was she in favor of it t_con was she # kind of opposed to it ? # t_con it's so difficult . My husband's family are reaching that point
t_con you have some in the nest and some out # # # That's right . # yeah . They range from twenty-four to five .
What's your most recent one that you've seen ? I haven't been to a movie theater in probably eight or nine months Okay . Okay .
What are you all trying to do long term . it's long term . We try to stay out of debt  . That's good to be in that kind of shape .
t_con are you so busy you don't have time to do it ? Well that's part of it -- t_laugh Is that the reason you're not doing it they're just too weird to work on now .
So we're about the care of the elderly ? That's right Bye  . t_empty
What do you do ? Well I work for the state as a grounds keeper . -- I'm - for goodness sakes .
did it attack the child then ? Yeah now it's like ferrets are outlawed in the town . -- t_con you know they should expect something like that to happen .
What's the best part about it to you the quiet the getting away ? Right a nice tent on the shore of a lake t_con maybe not the
What do you think ? well you talked about volcanos . while it's certainly the case that things like automobiles and factories pollute a lot if you look at how much pollution is say kicked up by an active volcano it's certainly less than clear that anything man can do in this sort of scale of things has much effect at all . Well it's hard to say .
okay ? t_laugh  . Okay . It come to us All right .
Have you ever used Discover card ? No -- rate . Yeah .
Is that silk screening or - no -- all that kind of thing . Okay .
well then you have first in the experience on immigration . Yeah . It's just very difficult to get a woman who doesn't have a lot of assets or whatever out of China even temporarily to visit here . t_con it's turned out to be sort of a horrible problem .
Salt water or - No -- -- losing all my fish . In the salt water ?
why bother voting . Why should I go out of my way when it doesn't matter . t_con for instance in the last presidential election I'm sure a lot of people thought Bush is going to win either way why bother voting if your vote won't make a difference .
do you have any plans to do anything with your music in the near future Well I have like we - yeah . Yeah
How many do you have ? Well I have two children and two stepdaughters . okay . okay
What are they doing up there ? Well here in Saskatoon much the same thing . They make me drive it like a mile down the road and spit it out down there . The only disadvantage is that they don't pick it up at the curb .
in fact did you happen to see TWENTY TWENTY the other night ? no . Uh-huh . fine .
t_con how long do we need to talk ? t_laugh  . Do you know ? Yeah . -- I think when they started it .
out of which direction ? Colorado Springs . It's thirty miles . t_con it's not that far .
Now how do they do the blackened ? You buy it as a seasoning . You know It is so good t_laugh  .
How about you ? Well well right now I just a student . I have a thirty-seven hour work week . So so you think that a short work week is real nice .
I don't know if you have one . Yeah . Yeah . you can steam many of the things in a microwave .
t_con did Ryder get out of the business ? Is that what happened or ? - Well you did . after the merger you see a lot of Ryder PIE stuff on the road .
How long of a program is that ? Forever t_laugh  . Well that sounds interesting . Okay .
What kind of movies have you been seeing lately ? it's been probably a month or so since I've been to the movies . t_empty t_empty
how do you feel about them ? Well I keep trying to get away from them t_laugh Okay t_empty
What color did you paint your house ? White . # Uh-huh . # There are some columns that could be painted a different color # too . #
Well I'm still puzzled though what is the argument how does the argument work if the bad guys are going to have guns anyway . t_con that scares me too to tell you the truth t_laugh because I've been run off the road and all sorts of things . Well I have a bicycle t_laugh
Is that centrally located you ever heard of Lufkin ? t_con where about in Texas is that ? All right .
Do you all have Target stores up there ? No . Is that what this target is Get a pamphlet
Does it spread out of the neighborhoods into the more retired people's community t_con does it stay in the bad neighborhoods ? -- # t_con # that has been the worse thing that we've seen happening . # #
What are you guys having for Christmas ? What are we having ? t_empty t_empty
Through high school . Uh-huh I did . Did you go to school in Plano ?
Now have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES ? Yes . I guess so . t_con as long as we keep paying the money for it they are going to keep paying them .
did you have to draw a line t_con did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line ? was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite . I didn't like that much .
well who is this what do you use yours at home for ? that's quite an expense to look for I could never justify owning a personal computer at home
Did you use a textured paint no . I just painted . No .
t_con you work for T I ? Right . Yeah . t_con I was very much interested in getting involved in switchboard .
Do you watch L A LAW ? No Like Thursday night I like to sit down and watch a few shows I don't know because I know I don't watch hardly any T V .
do you have them on an # allowance ? # # I give # them a allowance Do they budget at all ? t_con they are beginning to be a budget problem but have not been really up until this point .
would you want them to go to a certain place I would want them to make that decision Uh-huh . Clarion .
How about yourself ? Well hobbies gee whiz really ? t_con I like to bang on the keyboards once in a while .
t_con you like fresh water . Uh-huh . Well normally I like to go out fishing in a boat and rather than like bank fishing and just like to try and catch anything that's swimming because I've had such problems with trying to catch any type of fish that I just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing . what kind of fishing do you enjoy ?
What type of vacation ? -- well it really depends Where do you go ? Is that right t_laugh  .
Do you have a big yard ? No uh-huh . uh-huh
t_con get even with who # Yeah . # Yeah # now they're going to get even .
which ones have you seen lately ? I just sort of blanking tonight . t_empty t_empty
are you really ? Yeah . East or west I'm from Pittsburgh . you are ?
Do you kind of think it's a chore t_con do you enjoy it ? Yeah . I'm not quite getting the level that I need to .
is that where you are now ? Yeah . I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas . t_con I don't know
Well you have vacation Yeah t_con that's about the only real benefit you have is health insurance . Well I work for Sears
What is it that you are you know particularly # upset about ? # # # I guess they've lost their compass yeah . I think that's something seriously wrong
-- t_con do you subscribe to any magazines ? Yeah Uh-huh . things like that --
What's he going to be doing when he turns into an adult . Yeah . -- you know that's fourteen years old . Uh-huh .
Have you familiar with that ? Uh-huh . I put it on the frame was it small enough that you could just hold it ?
Another Kennedy movie t_laugh  . Yeah He's doing the Kennedy movie that's coming out right now Kevin Costner he's starring in everything .
they've decide the penalty separately from the verdict . Right . The penalty phase after he had to go -
what can they do about the oil burning over in Kuwait ? they fine the industries t_con I don't know what they can do to really prevent it you know . - yeah
Isn't that bad t_laugh  . People do it for their children t_laugh We're we're choosing our house for our cat . and not off of a busy street .
Don't you find that interesting ? that they doing that in any field could you get any connection on which was metric and which wasn't . t_con both of them were a mismatch of both t_pause American and metric . Yeah .
are they still there did you cut them down at the ground level # Can I pick your brain # about how you got rid of those trees ? Three we lost to to freezes between eighty-three and then a year ago we lost # another one . #
It's nice to not have a drip through from the roof isn't it t_laugh  . Yeah t_laugh  . t_con they really were helpful I know to our house . t_con I wasn't directly involved
How much longer do you have ? I'm going into thes- dissertation this summer . if they'd just waited a little bit longer it could have been - Doggone it
can you believe it I'm trying to remember Yeah Is that right ?
You don't ? No . Well I don't think it'll could ever happen with a quick transition . Yeah .
Would be interesting wouldn't it ? Yeah . It would be that would do to our insurance rates you know if the insurance companies says it not going to pay you know a claim if the car doesn't have air bags . Every new car that came out I wish they would require it in it .
how about you ? well I used to be more into crafts when I was younger like high school stuff . Uh-huh . t_con we cut out things kind of you know and color and use markers and things like that .
Well do you drink soda and such in aluminum cans ? Yes my trash has a lot of tin cans and a lot of cart- different papers and cardboards . t_con I do have a lot of -
Do you have any kids ? No How about yourself ? t_con we're getting bonds and hopefully finances set aside so that they can choose a college that they want to .
Well Stephanie what's your position on gun control ? Well on a scale of one to ten being ten no kind of legislation and zero being total ban I probably would lean more towards six or seven . t_empty t_empty
You don't get seasick ? t_laugh That is what I am afraid of . you will have to go on one . Uh-huh .
t_con don't you think it's that way with men too ? absolutely true yeah . Yeah
is it Hous- humid ? Hu- is awful t_laugh  . It humid . it's not dry at all .
What into the service ? Well yeah . What would you have these people do if they were brought in ? there's a lot of unemployment right now .
Do you work outside ? Well I work - t_con I don't really dress up a whole lot . Do you -
t_con you do have cold weather down there ? Yes ma'am Oh t_con we're about two hours from the coast .
do you ? Yeah I've got two babies so I don't if I get to the library .
That funny how we do ? Yeah . you get very attached to animals don't you ? Yeah
Is that lift- weights ? It's like isolated movements for each muscle Now what's toning ? my step classes and toning is about the only thing
t_con the Ukraine is especially significant because it of the agriculture ? Right the three Baltic republics got out as quickly as they could . Yes
Do you work for T I ? Yes Uh-huh . t_con I guess because they're highway miles you know it's not so bad on your car as if it you know were just regular street you know .
What about yourself ? Well my parents are both in their seventies . t_con I don't have elderly parents yet but not that far in the distant future . Uh-huh .
Well now we're pretty close to the golden triangle aren't you ? Yeah Uh-huh . In Durham which is right next to Raleigh .
Why don't you tell me what you have found . with our second sitter the first one didn't quite work out there were some things going on that I wasn't really happy with t_con I know what the experience my daughter has faced with that . Uh-huh .
So what do you think about a year or two of public service ? Well I know it's hard for young people to think about giving up their years you know t_empty t_empty
That much of a difference ? t_empty -- of - Really ?
What about you ? h- you ever read the book NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR ? t_con I don't look at it as a threat in the same sense that I think this question was meant . t_con I somehow think that war is one of those things that maybe is inevitable
we're down here at the Bible belt aren't we ? I wasn't saved until I got down here Yeah I miss their morals their values and everything .
t_con do you think it's because women aren't qualified or want the job or just aren't hired for the jobs . None of the above t_laugh  . Uh-huh . Uh-huh .
t_con since it was a civil case it really didn't matter right ? You just needed a majority ? -- t_con it then became unanimous . -- t_con he changed his mind after they turned it in --
t_con does someone pick them up ? We usually collect a a Do you take your papers somewhere Because they won't take them .
t_con do you actually sell it ? I have sold quite a bit . t_con do you do it to give as gifts Now do you do it just for yourself
Did you find you wore slacks when you were working full time No . t_con that lasts you know for a few months t_laugh  . -- at that time
Well they are exciting aren't they ? Yeah t_con I've been keeping up with the Saints a lot . is pretty close to New Orleans
How's his karate ? his karate is pretty good . Uh-huh . I'm convinced now he can act .
have you been down there ? my girlfriend has with her sisters to Williamsburg # down there . #
What grade do you teach ? Six seven and eight . t_con she also has ten children . I have one woman that I know is home
Would you have said that a couple of years ago do you think ? No Yeah . they need to really focus on the children in the wor-
Who are you with ? t_empty Where do you work ? t_con it's fun .
isn't it t_laugh  . t_empty Well credit cards t_aside that's an easy topic Okay .
Well I was just wondering if you had had any experience with the care of the elderly . Yes t_empty t_empty
What state ? I'm in Lubbock Texas . Where are you at ? You know .
You know ? Definitely when it's cool . Right . Right .
what do you think t_laugh the major cause of air pollution or at least in the Boston areas - Well the major cause it seems up here is exc- - t_empty t_empty
What kind of things have you read ? I read all kinds of things for helping people survive a divorce . Uh-huh . t_con now I
What's one of your favorites ? gee Uh-huh . menus combinations that you wouldn't have nobody thought of .
who has any spare time t_laugh  ? t_empty # # as far as spare time they talked about - Okay # #
don't you have to do it as part of its - We can't get paid for it . I wish I could do that t_laugh  . Gosh
How does that sound ? There you go . Do you understand ? Whatever you ask or scream when I'm on the phone the answer is no .
Well how did he get out ? He dug a hole under the fence . you know because he's had all this room to run in Yeah .
What's a good reference cookbook for Chinese food ? Okay Uh-huh . When you find the right cookbook why it works out .
Golfer ? Well yes t_empty t_empty
What do you think ? What about - I don't know . and they think it's the way to go .
You hear what he did . t_laugh Yes . Yeah . # makes you sick doesn't it ?
t_con current - about the only memories that I have of boating - What are your memories of boating so things change I guess .
I don't know if it's still limited like it was I don't notice it probably because I don- - I beginning to wonder is where do you get gas at . I don't know exactly why .
You know it's like what can you do with that that you can't do in a self protection situation with like a seven or a twenty shot twelve . Sure . Right . Yeah .
t_laugh Do you ? Yes . That's always a good question . I was going to say do you have daughters .
Well it should be used as a deterrent do you think ? Well - I don't think it should just be used loosely . For major things like premeditated murder . Mass murders . you know that type of thing .
Threw it away t_laugh  . Yeah . t_con I don't even know where I even put that paper t_laugh  . then I started cleaning
what kind of fish do you like the best to eat ? crappie actually . t_con believe me you'll know the difference . t_con that way you can feel when they're hitting it
did you see that with him ? No # How # about REVENGE # Uh-huh . #
sometimes do you think it gets pretty commercialized Well what I really don't like about T V especially local news as compared to like national news is just it seems like everything is very spoon feed Do you think that T V is pretty accurate . Yeah .
I guess I am kind of saying what are we doing ? I guess that's the same thing you were saying . t_con I'm not saying that - -- death row .
read any good books lately ? t_laugh  . t_laugh yes Okay . t_empty
t_con how do you feel about the jury system itself ? Do you think that should be changed ? Right . t_con most of the cases are plea bargained anyway .
as far as dealing with divorce ? I'm kind of getting that one past me but a good self help book . what would you recommend ? Okay
How do you feel about the whole ordeal ? Well I agree that it's a big task Uh-huh . t_con it's become to a point where basically no one can afford it anymore .
t_con what did you graduate in ? in what major or what year ? Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota . So you went to what college ?
The executives ? Uh-huh . you know that they were going to do all them first . right
Rides rough ? yeah rides or runs ? Do you like the way it rides and stuff ?
t_con isn't it pretty much everywhere in the world ? I know England is not metric . Right . It would be a neat case where like where kids taught the parents I think you know .
Don't they pro- - They made like small personal computers . Leading Edge . What ?
t_con where was that at near your - Kalachandji's . Wow . my husband was aghast because I ate turnip greens and liked it .
Does it say something ? I think it usually does . I wonder if that worked . What kind of experience do you have then with child care ?
t_con you're going to school there ? Uh-huh . this is actually my third year . no
It was almost really self defense isn't it in a case like that . it is to a certain extent -- t_con they're not really a danger to society . Do you think they should be punished at all or like go to prison
Well you know yo- going over the hills you know coming into the valley ?  . Yeah . t_con I haven't been there probably  . . . - I wasn't there too long ago .
Well how do you feel about it ? Well I don't have any strong convictions about it t_empty t_empty
# Now what # do they pick up ? They pick up the plastic the glass and the newspaper . convenient out here # for them to do it . # Yeah .
You saw FIELD OF DREAMS right a long time ago ? Yeah my Mom and Dad read all the time . Yeah .
Diane Ragsdale ? Yeah . what's the lady's name ? You can disagree with Al Lipscomb and -
how long have you had them . Quite a long time probably five or six years Uh-huh t_con I have a wonderful female lab black lab .
Did it work ? I think so t_con is the company now well represented demographically at the higher echelons ? on other fronts
t_con you know who knows what he'll be able to do . He's been - they've got Ryan they really hurting pitching wise .
are you interested in computers ? t_empty Okay And also BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS .
did you like it ? It was okay . I read DIANETICS once I got past all the gibberish on it . t_con I like to read some self help books like
they do ? Yeah American Express does that by the way . is
they just fly right back out if you have the - Well yeah Do they don't do any damage though really t_laugh  .
t_con you're going to be an engineer type . yeah Uh-huh . messing up your files and things like that .
What's it like to be twenty-three as a woman today when I was twenty-three the issues were either go to graduate school or get married # going out twenty-three I remember that . # t_laugh Yeah . #
t_con it just didn't Yeah . I need to either paper back over it or do something  . Yeah .
Where is that ? Mount Vernon . t_con I'd have to go load it up the next day . t_con we never did go out again
t_con how long did you say it has been since you all had one ? I do not know . -- bringing something for a potluck picnic yeah .
What do you think about the benefits in jobs ? I'm relatively satisfied with the benefits I have . t_empty t_empty
Do you do needlepoint also and cross stitching ? I've done some cross stitching . you do a lot then . t_con I do fabric painting .
Why ? well partly due to ownership . Yeah . Really ?
Are you ready to start ? Yes . t_empty t_empty
When you were teaching did you ever have a blue jean day or anything like that ? Yeah it doesn't matter if I have to wash it a hundred times or something . yes
do the schools emphasize the metric system ? Yeah Do you know where you are you have a bunch of people trying to do ninety t_laugh  .
t_con you have friends that have children . I have some friends that have children not that many actually . Okay Yep
what do you call those things ? The blowers ? t_con he came with his own raf- - Uh-huh .
Hello Okay . Hello . This is strange .
t_con there were probably really fight to keep it in if they could . Right it's very important for the economics of the whole Soviet Union . Right
where did you get this cook book ? t_laugh I got it at the Checkbook Store . # t_con you can put some # cucumber slices on too . # where did you get #
t_laugh Well you don't like the Skins ? no . I enjoyed that because it was against the Skins . Yeah
t_con do you have a family ? yes I am to both questions . are you married Okay Eric .
Did you have any dealings with the underwater sound reference laboratory in Orlando Florida ? I have dealt with nearly all of the research laboratories that the country has . Is that right ? Underwater acoustics .
What do you presently drive ? Mercury Topaz . t_con I don't own one of those either t_laugh  . I really like that body style
Really ? Yeah . t_con that was it . Utah I've had a couple of
What do you think ? I'd come back as a dog t_laugh  . Yeah something giving you some affection as well .
Have you found in talking to your neighbors that your utilities are quite a bit higher with those high ceilings ? Mine are actually the lowest in the neighborhood . t_con we could get more bedrooms per square foot that way . Yes .
you know how are you sure that the home is really as good as it is because once you put someone into there you know they may not like the fact that they've been put in there t_con they might complain about the place all the time even though it's the best place in the whole world they could be just because they want to make you feel guilty for putting them in there I'm sure when you make your appointment and go by everybody puts on a happy face t_con if you have to you know how do you make sure
What about you ? Are you in- at all ? t_con I've got some t_laugh very definite opinions about it . you know which haven't changed all that much from my first reactions from when they announced it . But developed a little more I guess but haven't changed that much . I employed by a company that does do random drug testing
You did ? Uh-huh . Yes . Did you get a catalog or something from these people ?
You do too ? Yeah . We have the same thing . Do you do that ?
What about you ? # t_laugh  . # # I don't think under the way the system is right now it is . # Whether it is # possible to have an honest government . I'm beginning to think it's not . # whether # we think it's honest # t_laugh or can be . #
how do you feel about it ? I believe in it too t_laugh  . -- when that's done Uh-huh .
s- you lived in the Denver area before ? Right . How was the - t_con we just moved down to be on staff down here
so what kind of car are you thinking about getting ? Well none at the moment t_laugh  . Okay t_empty
Did you all ever watch that ? t_empty Okay . t_con right now the last things I watched regularly was THIRTY SOMETHING when it first came out .
I'm wondering what camping means to you . When I think of camping I think of bugs t_laugh and sleeping bags and tents like along the Appalachian Trail . Hi . Hi .
Well how'd you find out about it ? Pardon me ? Huh-uh . I never heard of such a project before .
as far as like the cou- what they now call country western it doesn't sound like the old country music at all does it ? No I like some of it -- t_laugh I really do like it a lot .
Did that help you ? they didn't go off . it has the expanding balloons . No
Wh- Yeah . you know he talks a lot on Velcro . I've h- him before .
You know how can you justify raising anybody's salary if you have to lay people off ? Right . That's the biggest mess I've ever heard of . -- after they laid off all those teachers .
t_con what made you decide to put her in a Montessori school ? t_empty Yeah . Get a real job full time .
t_con is he working there then Yes . Yes . Really ?
you know what day lilies are ? Pardon me ? It does t_con I went ahead and planted one and mine looks better than his t_laugh  .
What kind of things do you like to do with wood ? Well I'm not the one that cuts them out . -- t_con I like to cut out my wood and then tole paint on the items that I cut out . Uh-huh .
Well you've been quite a few places there t_laugh  . Yeah most the places we went to Germany and Switzerland and - t_con that was even nice because there wasn't the -
So what do you think about it ? How are we doing in recycling ? t_empty t_empty
Being born outside you didn't have any problems house training him ? No t_con he's a very tame spoiled house cat you know now that I've had him for seven years . t_con he's
Do you find that to be boring ? Yeah Not really . I guess you don't enjoy that very much .
Why is that ? well just because I'm thinking that it getting so short on radio . t_con I think that soon the paper may be kind of the only source again . # turn # on the T V turn on the radio . -
Do you all have pollution in your co- part of the country uh from industry ? Yeah t_pause And uh that may be part of the problem . Right .
# Are going to have to solve some of the problem # -- # those are the two that can # the wherewithal -- # or # whatever - # Right . #
you're probably at least ten years younger then I am t_con I could tell you in school that the only thing that ever saw in the dorm was the one soap opera ALL MY CHILDREN . it was soaps and M T V cause the girls I lived with never changed the channels  . I mean I did watch T V
What kind of climate do you have ? Well it's just moved recently t_laugh Yeah . Quite a difference .
t_con so what is your dream car ? I haven't really thought about it . Huh . t_con now there is no snow
well Myrna how do you get your news t_empty t_empty t_empty
What ? Sometimes that's okay . t_con you know what ? -- sometimes it's just spouse and me .
Well Michael what do you think about funding for AIDS research ? Well that's something I've thought a lot about . t_empty t_empty
What kind of camping is there in Texas ? Well there are quite a few parks All right . Okay .
Do you ? Have you ? wow t_laugh  . Okay
t_con it's not connected are they ? no . rather . yeah
Have you ever read or heard of the book THIS PRESENT DARKNESS ? No . Yep . Kind of train your mind .
What if you think someone's trying to hurt them and you make a mistake ? This is where the question of gun control comes in . I understand that . No .
t_con this is a topic of personal interest . Yeah Really ? last year sometime our home was broken into .
What do you do ? Well right now I'm just a homemaker No more t_laugh No more for me .
DANCES WITH WOLVES have you seen that yet ? No what's the one that just - there was another one
So what was the verdict what was the results there . - # it was amazing . # Yeah . #
You know what I mean . my daughter's five Yeah . t_con I was impressed with the fact that it wasn't that childish .
Now do they fire them or do they ? - Well see this is it as long as it's random and the individual's rights are protected I don't have that big a problem with it . as long as it's not abused you know random you know -
because of like the cross-pollination No really Something -
t_con is there more to be heard yet . I think that people just basically got tired of hearing it did your since that we now understand how bad it is Uh-huh .
Latex ? Yes Pardon me ? Latex paint ?
So Frank what type of budget do you or your family have ? Well I don't know that we really have a budget . Okay . t_empty
Did you require more than one can of paint ? I put two coats on it just didn't turn out quite as nice as I would have liked I don't know even how to say -
You're not further up . Yeah . t_con you're right on the coast line . -- want to watch the weather for when the waves are going to be good .
That was on a while ago wasn't it ? Yeah . I did . Yeah
So then do you keep kids ? Is this two year old yours Okay . t_empty
Then how does he like it ? he's loved it . has he ? -- he's has been going to private since kindergarten t_laugh  .
You use a particular brand or anything ? Well I like to use this Sears the ten year guarantee or the fifteen year guarantee . You had pretty good luck with one coat type paint ? Huh .
Your family's from where ? Well I have a brother lives in Indianapolis a sister lives in Chicago and my folks live back in Buffalo New York . t_con we're kind of . - My family's not very big
what do you think about the self insurance business ? Well I watched something on T V a couple of months ago by General Koop . Okay t_empty
Do you have any particular places you like going ? there's a restaurant called String Bean on Spring Valley and Central . uh-huh . yeah
Are you from Dallas too Beth . Ye- # all # right . # Uh-huh . #
# You've never # heard of that ? Huh-uh . I've never heard # of that one . # I think it's called Heavenly .
hasn't the N F L draft even gone yet ? Uh-huh . N F L draft I hadn't heard you know whether they have a new one or not .
Who has spare time t_laugh  ? t_empty Yeah . In your spare time .
have you retired no W- on finances All right .
Do you think that that these insurance things should be covered on a State basis or U S government basis ? You know that is really a tough one for me to answer . Government is going to have to change in this regard . t_con that is one of the things that we as society are going to have to deal with .
Isn't that funny ? It hasn't hurt him at all . I know . Alan Alda did it on MASH .
It's coming up isn't it . L A Yeah . I'm looking forward to the pro play-off
Are they because I couldn't read it t_con people just change a word because they think it sounds better or whatever . Are they typos ? -- where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up you know of all the letters I type how many cha- of them do I make changes on . And on each letter what types of changes .
Well it sounds as though you are in favor of status quo . I believe I would probably tend towards that . well that's interesting too . Uh-huh
You know where Saint Joe is ? I've been through there . Huh-uh . That's kind of ironic because I don't live too far from Oklahoma either .
t_con did he just do it ? his heart was in it the difficulty with DANCING WITH WOLVES is that when you make a movie like that and you produce it and then you star in it the question is did he really know it was going to be good it interesting though
it was his shoulder wasn't it t_laugh that he had the problems with ? I don't know  . They're just trying not to overwork him right now until he gets his shoulder back in shap- t_con sounds like he's going to be all right for next season .
# What about # you ? a matter of choice or compulsion ? okay . t_con right now we don't have anything .
Have you watched that ? No t_con that's SISTERS . I have picked up a show lately on Saturday night that I've really liked
where do you go to school ? University of Texas at Dallas . Yeah t_con I do here .
Have you gone like to Fillmont with the Boy Scouts ? No Uh-huh . no memory .
What do you think ? Is Pennsylvania kind of out of line there ? t_con after the fact the State of Pennsylvania can find out about it and send you a bill for the sales tax appropriate to that item that you purchased as well as interest and penalties from the time that you bought it . So let's talk about the wonderful abuses in the State of Pennsylvania of personal property taxes whereby you can purchase something mail order
are more like watching T V and stuff like that not really  . . . - I very few spend quality time . do you think s- parents spend quality time with their kids Unfortunately that's probably true .
you remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback ? That was a few years ago . Uh-huh . t_con the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too .
Do you find that you're disappointed or pleased with the performance of like network coverage of news ? I wish it were in more depth . Uh-huh . -- you'll find in the JOURNAL .
Do you do that very often ? t_empty Uh-huh . Yeah .
You know t_laugh  . t_con it is nice sure . t_con it is hot to me in the wintertime down there .
Can you think of anything else that's happened recently ? No t_con the so the last thing that I remember hearing that much about is the Iran Contra scandal that happened in the Reagan presidency . t_con I haven't really paid that much attention like since back in August when all of the news and all of the media began to focus in on Iraq
t_con he just didn't learn the right way ? Well you know it's funny . t_con is this something that maybe learning phonetics Has he had this since kindergarten
They didn't go off . No they didn't go off . Did that help you ?
I thought you were going to say something . Huh-uh . What ? Because they have the money to shelter things
What time is it over th- are you in Dallas ? # Yeah . # Phew  .
Are we talking about is this the N B A ? No They have a lot of the same players back . t_con I'm kind of hoping that they'll repeat again this year .
Well what kind of things do you like to do when you go to Colorado ? well we like to ski of course -- I think . Yes .
Well what is this going to do the insurance companies who are supporting this work now and hopefully are doing a good job ? Well it's going to make it tough for them t_con they're both inevitable . It is just a matter of time and mistakes
What would you rather have ? t_con you want salary too plus what ? Okay . t_empty
t_laugh Well what did you find was most helpful in planning the birthday get together ? the biggest challenge was getting a place where everyone you know could eat comfortably and everything my word . it's about two hundred people maybe .
How old are you ? I'm thirty-five . t_con I can make it . You're young .
one of the little mini vans ? Uh-huh Yeah It's a eighty-seven .
do you ever read COSMO . Yes Have you seen those - I said now you do like cats right .
Are you not teaching anymore ? no t_laugh Let's put it that way . It's really different .
So what do you think about child care t_laugh  . t_laugh well my feelings on it is I wouldn't take a child to day-care t_laugh  . You know ? t_empty t_empty
will they let you take a computer home to work ? Well yeah Uh-huh t_con I've got lots of documentation I need to review and some I need to revise .
you mean the antilock brake system ? Yeah Skidding control The C D and the premium sound system .
where in Pennsylvania . What ? Yeah -- t_con that's the way it goes .
Is she a nurse in Dallas ? No She really enjoys . she loves it .
In teaching . In teaching . t_con teaching I still see that that's where most of the woman are . t_con you know I don't know .
Now do you ever send any of your stuff to the boutique ? No I just work at Stop and Shop out there in Ogden t_laugh Where do you work at ?
Not in a crowd like that . -- crowded . No t_laugh  . did you get to talk to him ?
Do you have any children ? No yeah . Uh-huh
t_laugh t_con are you an airline pilot ? Yes -- t_con Phoenix never gets that kind of weather Wow .
Was it bad ? horrible . t_con I was just wondering we went to Galveston this summer even with all the oil spills and everything like what your talking about .
What's the largest fish you ever caught ? gosh Yeah . I don't know
How did you find out about it ? I don't know . Pardon me ? Well how'd you find out about it ?
do you like steamy movies t_laugh  . no Well it depends is it good ?
are you there ? Yes sir t_empty t_empty
Do you listen to Gary Cogill ? No . Huh-uh . t_con I think they're both excellent movies . It's pretty graphic at points .
he's got a blue tongue ? Yeah . the only Chow he's got is his tongue . # More Collie # and Shepherd than Chow
Well I don't know what you think about the subject I'd never really thought of what they said before about allowing the sentencing to go to the judge instead of the jury and allowing him to do that . t_empty t_empty
t_con Well did you hear about that Killeen massacre or whatever ? Yeah -- t_con I just didn't want the responsibility . Uh-huh .
is crime a problem there ? like a major problem minor problem or - Yeah Huh .
Do you know where you're going ? I think I'm going to Chappel Hill . Yeah . Oh yeah .
No causes that you think the lobbyists would be good for ? t_empty Totally . Ma- them all  .
Are you involved in any of that ? No . not all good stuff . Yes
wh- d- you plan for your yard ? Well we just bought our house last July Well pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard . what do you do this weekend ?
Hogan ? Yeah Really . No .
Gumbo . Yeah I don't know . I'm trying to think what they call their soup .
what if we make a mistake . That's it . t_con I know what you're - I didn't retain all those facts very well .
Over the uncooked rice ? Yeah t_con you just . - t_con you can put mushrooms in if you want
Now does the old STAR TREK guys meet the new guys ? No it was classic TREK . the lines in there were just perfect .
# I was # going to say do you just mix it to taste ? Uh-huh . I mix it until it just tastes good # to me . # and honey until it just -
How do you cook your green beans ? My green beans ? -- carrots and things like that . Uh-huh .
See . Well like in Iowa and Nebraska those little bullheads they look just like catfish Yep . t_con I still am sort of a catfish man at heart . t_con now that we are down here I think a lot of people do some bass fishing and strip bass fishing
# They just snap it right up # Yeah . t_con anything that looks like it might be country # is what they want you know . # everybody wants little country pieces .
Well what do you know about Latin American policies ? Well I think they're kind of ambivalent really . t_empty t_empty
I wonder where they dump that . Well there's someplace you know I guess they dump it the same place That's nice .
Do you pay too much ? well no How about you ? Right .
I guess I don't know if you've heard about the Plano school district No . my children had a real culture shock when we lived in Plano it is
well then you are familiar with it ? Uh-huh . I've always had them in child care . t_con this is my first year of staying home .
At T I is that where you work ? Uh-huh . t_con I would know . I woul- so anyway .
Is it ? Yes . Atlanta is horrible . -- t_con I don't think our part of the country is particularly bad compared to some .
So do you think you get good coverage from the sources that you have ? actually no Hi . t_empty
a respectable one ? Yes Wholly smoke Yeah .
You got the topic right ? Yeah . Okay . Set .
are you going to be a career person ? I'm digressing I like it so far . Pardon me ?
Do you watch cartoons a lot ? No . t_con yeah t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
do you go to an aerobics class No t_con you know you can get a really good workout on it . my treadmill has an incline
A real light line real light rig ? Yeah . Yeah . t_con that's a lot of fun .
You sure you didn't leave your refrigerator door open ? t_laugh I'm sure I didn't . it fluctuates from one extreme to the other it seems . no
do you feel at all like it's a religious issue ? Not with me personally . I don't know Tha- right .
Steve with the election year and whatnot coming up do you think we ought to cut taxes raise them t_con what do you think ? t_empty t_empty
You want to go back to that After we got married we moved to the Houston area . So you're just the opposite from me . Yeah .
that wasn't a standard p- was it ? Uh-huh . t_con I can play those It's got a C D player in it
Well where are you ? In Plano . t_laugh I bet you do . I wish I could t_laugh  .
You'd have a lot of hills in that area . Yeah -- quite a bit . Uh-huh .
Well do they all live in the area ? Well let's see That becomes a drudgery -- that's not good either .
What kind of books do you like to read ? I like all kinds of books . go ahead . Sure
Do you have any pets ? No . it certainly is . Yeah
Do you use Email and like that ? Yes . yeah . Yeah
t_con I take it that you like to ski . Do you receive a lot of information on skiing through the SKI MAGAZINE ? That's a good one I like to get t_laugh  . good .
# Hey what was that book# - # talking to you . # All righty . # to you . #
Thirty day notice for what ? I'm done where I work . t_con well I got my thirty day notice yesterday . t_con anyway they're trying to keep him from reinjuring anything but anyway t_laugh  .
Did she ? Yeah t_laugh  . t_con she liked it I know my daughter saw that
t_con for how many years ? I don't know . -- and I think even if she's not and has a child the government subsidizes her to stay home and raise the child . Uh-huh
When do you get to begin with the winters and all that ? What time of the year do you usually embark on your - On average That's hard-core .
# Well do you know # - # wants to  . # t_laugh  . - t_con I was to say on Saturdays there is absolutely nothing Thank you t_laugh  .
what baseball team are you familiar with ? Well I'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because I lived up in Boston for a while Okay t_empty
you must be a T I employee . You must be what ? Yeah . t_con they're not doing it a- you know .
Would you ever buy a used car for a new car for yourself ? t_empty That's the same with me . Right .
you mean security Job security I use to think that you know after you work - t_con I don't know if that's necessarily the case anymore .
Did he hook up the wir- wrong ? No I bel- something like sixty-nine dollars som- on that order . How much was the alternator ?
Where do you live ? In Plano . Okay . t_empty
t_con if you have a dinner party and you're going to serve seafood for supper what type of hors d'oeuvres would you serve prior to the meal ? t_empty t_con that way you can have a variety . I think hors d'oeuvres are good too .
are you from Southern or Northern California ? Northern . Do you read - -- that I listen to on the way to and from work
t_con did you folks do that ? yeah did the judge hand down sentences Uh-huh .
Do you know ? that is only about three and a half feet long . Okay . t_con how long in feet ? I think the world record is fifty some pounds .
Roy who's your next best team t_con who do you like after the Mavericks ? I awfully sorry that the Mavericks can't come on and do . they're entitled to more than they've been able to do so far .
He does ? Yeah He has a new one out . uh-huh .
Where do you work ? Who are you with ? t_con it's fun . Well that's neat .
Is it like a retirement center ? More of a retirement home . We just moved my grandfather into not a nursing home t_con you know a transitional type facility . pretty helpless .
what does this have to do with getting you know a computer science degree or whatever you know ? What type of history class is it that you're having to take ? t_laugh t_con I think why do they make us take this stuff ? t_con I just hate it .
How about you ? Yeah Right t_laugh  . t_con there's a lot of crime within a few miles of me t_laugh  .
If the isolation concept really works that good why are our prisons overcrowded ? t_laugh that's true . if a child has claustrophobia that's just going to terrify him you know t_con this helps them to think .
What about you a - Well most of my fishing is done at area lakes around here freshwater lakes -- That's nice . t_con I used to catch a few worthwhile snappers red snappers and gray snappers and so forth .
# Is it your parents # or your husband's parents ? My parents go to a movie and things like that . So that she is used to other people # taking care of her . # Uh-huh .
Do you think they should be punished at all or like go to prison t_con they're not really a danger to society . Uh-huh that would really warrant capital punishment .
What size do you have now ? I have fifty-five gallons now . t_con that never worked well . t_con back at home I used to have a small you know five gallon tank .
t_con he's not interested in letting his twenty-one year old daughter experiment with it probably . t_empty it's not . uh-huh
To put her in a rest home ? Yeah t_con he refuses to consider any other Right .
How were they toward the United States in terms of just general relationships were they glad ? that's interesting the way you used continentals which I'm sure is the proper term . how were they toward -
-- t_con the question is who was he going to pay it to ? Yeah . Uh-huh . t_con I think the biggest difficulty is that when your at an economy like South Vietnam well the then reality the poor farmer was going to pay taxes --
how'd you find out about this ? I was visiting my son down in Dallas Fernando glad to know you . My name is Fernando .
Well what do you think about the metric system ? do you find it useable ? t_empty t_empty
Whereabouts ? In Allendale  . in twenty years ago . Uh-huh .
do you think s- parents spend quality time with their kids are more like watching T V and stuff like that not really  . . . - Unfortunately that's probably true . I know .
What else about corporate benefits ? I can't think . I don't know . t_laugh I didn't say that on this line .
Did you go to college ? Well no . seventy-nine was more my era . yeah .
Do I consider them a threat ? Absolutely . t_con the equipment we were capturing and taking from the Nicaraguans was brand new out of the crate Soviet made material . Again we were running up against Cubans quite a bit plus Soviet advisors .
Well do most of your day-care workers really care about the children t_con is it just a job for them ? that's certainly something we hope t_laugh never happens . Yeah
every Saturday night ? # Yeah # yeah That was really the big deal in our household # was the ED SULLIVAN SHOW . #
t_con what was the whole deal on that ? t_empty Is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they ?
Was it for health or to look good ? I ju- wanted to look good t_con you know she wouldn't take no for an answer  . let's go do it
You had pretty good luck with one coat type paint ? You use a particular brand or anything ? Huh . Right .
what did you do when you were younger did you go do the board games and stuff Uh-huh . Yeah .
t_con Let's see what else can we do ? I'll tell you what we could do . t_laugh Maybe He was probably in the cafeteria when he thought of it t_laugh  .
Did you buy a program to handle menus ? it came with a menus program Nice . right now we got a project going where we're trying to put all my wife's stray recipes on the disk .
How s- could they be if they had a camcorder ? Those are a thousand bucks . I know it . That is really stra- .
Is it just that more people think there is like excitement in it you know ? people that may have been close to the edge just go over because they see something or read something . I think that like you said television ? t_con you think to yourself was it that bad back then ?
Was that like he started shooting people in this cafeteria or something ? Yeah . t_con the story was - Well in Dallas I don't know if you heard about the killing where the guy drove into Luby's
t_con anyhow now are you going to buy this next car t_con you going rent it again ? t_con I haven't had a chance to drive it very much t_laugh  . t_con I put the cover over it then to keep the ice and snow off
Was that the better paper # Yeah we're done . They closed shop and said well we can't put any more papers out
Don't you ? Just massive rental . yeah t_con most of the time really we watch them on the video .
t_pause t_con what else has been on and about . Are you looking in the paper ? t_con it was all right kind of funny . as much as DEFENDING YOUR LIFE
Do you get a lot of tutoring No t_laugh  . It's kind of you're on your own t_laugh  . t_con it's hard to get individual help  .
Where do you live ? I live in San Antonio . Our community doesn't really have any organized recycling drive . t_empty
now Incavalia I don't know how familiar you are with him t_con last year I was kind of thinking he sure did get in a slump . t_con that really are . there sure is
Through a adult ed or strictly a china type She just taught china painting . In Abilene Texas . Now do you first get your lessons from ?
What do I do with it ? I know I know . t_con that's about it .
t_con how are your flowers your little things you planted ? Did they die or what ? God . It really made me mad .
what they have out for like the next year is everything still pretty square it seems like the Cadillacs is one of the few makers that are still making really I can't think of a car that they make are the than maybe the Alliance  . - are what they're - Are they still -
Does it cost the same for just two nights or - No get a reasonable amount of workout in . Yeah .
Where abouts do you live ? What part of the country ? Yeah . -- then in the larger cities .
Do you use it a lot at home ? Well I really do . that's what we have . Yeah
So just like in a thirteen by nine pan . Yeah . Yeah . t_con then I hadn't thought about doing it with uncooked rice .
You had to have the help didn't you ? That's right it got to the point where I didn't know what was going on Yeah
you know about that ? No . t_con it's like a club t_con I just never got around to it .
# Like who cares ? # Really . t_con you know it's just like okay this is # ridiculous . # You know what kind of shoes did he wear on the night ?
Not in Minnesota t_laugh  . No yeah . Yeah
What's your second favorite ? it's hard to say I keep forgetting one station . I don't remember one station to another .
t_con you only known the dog wh- how long did you say . Well about a year I guess . uh-huh . she's picked up a lot of things just by teaching by force I guess is what I'd like to say .
Ho- many kids do you have ? Two . -- t_con to me that's more important . Yeah .
Are you ready ? I guess so . Okay . # and should # we be involved and uh what's it going to cost us in the long run .
Did you enjoy it ? Yeah What ? Did you enjoy it ?
Well you think it's better than to try to spread the effort equally among all the employees of the company Ye- Uh-huh . What about the work effort those ten people did when the company was doing well .
like did you ever see this is going way back JAGGED EDGE . Yes That kind of reminds me t_con I like suspense .
# Are they all nearby ? # # t_con if it do not # have to put them in child care that's an ideal situation for you is to stay with them You know I like that Uh-huh .
t_con just never said anything . Course like I said I took her two days a week They never - No .
Everyday ? t_con it wasn't so bad . Then I would do it you know everyday or two days so I would clean that pan very very rarely Same idea t_laugh  .
So how do you use your credit cards ? t_empty Okay . I pushed it .
t_con do you work or what ? Well well I am in a different situation . do you plan on staying home after you have your children Yeah
You can't really get away . Usually not . They usually have been happening just after the summer semester starts . Yeah .
Latex paint ? Pardon me ? -- we had to scrub the crayon marks off of course try and get it clean . yeah .
it # was just pot luck . # # It was kind of # pot luck . t_con did you have a main meal Uh-huh
t_con you enjoy gardening ? yeah Uh-huh for someone who doesn't garden I'd say that my biggest recommendation is to -
t_con do you see any way of like altering it so that they would become more honest ? I think by putting term limitations on you could slow down some of the problems . I agree with both of those things you know what I mean ?
t_con what type of recommendations did you have when you decided where to place him ? we wanted to get into a Mennonite nursing home which is very popular and hard to get into and had like a ten year waiting list -- -- or something else that he would have been spending most of his time in those days . Right .
Well guess it's logical to ask do you exercise any ? Well unfortunately very little . t_empty t_empty
t_con you probably could give some great advice . well I don't know about that that's good . In fact I'm still going .
Well do you do gardening at home ? Yeah Yes . Yes .
t_con I wonder how do they handle a child who is obviously very ready and another child who doesn't even speak English let alone know her colors . Yeah . -- it's like day and night . Uh-huh .
Is this better ? Yeah You know I can barely hear you  . t_con it was like you could even stand still out there .
have you participated in anything like that ? Well a little bit Okay t_empty
Well what kind of recycling do you have in your area ? Well they've been trying different things . I'm ready to go . All right
Do you have any one that has been in a nursing home ? well only my grandmother but for a very short time . All right . I'm here .
t_con they going be taught something we're going to be involved in our child's education . Are they going to be taught nothing What's that going to be like .
You're in New York ? Yes . I live in Rochester New York I have seen it on where we are
t_con there were some things that people brought up like well what happens if they get a false positive you know what recourse do you have . Uh-huh . it really didn't relate to me . I hadn't you know
So you have never heard of like the Christian music that I listen to probably . I've heard a little bit of it . Yeah t_laugh  . What t_laugh  ?
well you've must have seen it recently ? Well I don't know t_con what's that other one where they do the skits WAYNE'S WORLD hey man t_laugh  .
t_con I don't know if you participate in that or not Absolutely . t_con I think that is just a fabulous one t_con one of the things that we were just talking about as a matter of fact this week at work was the CODA Plan that is offered
Are you a Mormon then ? Yep t_laugh  . t_con right now I'm out in Provo Utah going to B Y U are you ?
t_con do you have anything else you want to say about it ? nothing comes to mind right off Uh-huh . t_con I guess that's about what I did when I entertained .
t_con how would you feel afterwards when you came up negative and you know your supervisor has accused you of using drugs . Right based on a perception that someone has as how a drug user would behave when some drug users behave normal you know . Uh-huh .
Did you do that in Texas or somewhere else ? No great . Uh-huh .
t_con who does . # That's right . # t_con they - Right
kids too ? Yeah t_laugh  . #  . # t_empty t_empty
I had thought that they had colonies there or something . Well yeah No t_con we didn't do a whole lot better .
All right ? Yes . t_empty t_empty
are there cases where you think that the capital punishment shouldn't be sentenced ? Well I really don't know on that question . Well do you - Uh-huh .
How was it -- - My home town . we were up in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania . smaller
Where you going to school ? U T A right here . t_con I'll probably have to sell the prize I get t_laugh  . right .
do you have to do all that yourself no What about home repairs and stuff -- by the time you need to get around to fertilizing and cutting in the spring .
t_laugh Well you know speaking of public TV have you caught any of this series on the Bible ? Yes We could go back to television shows . t_laugh Right .
t_con does your wife work ? No . I have a wife and two children Yeah
where are you from ? This is Baltimore Maryland . Are you from the - Yeah .
She had to label everything . Yeah Some that she had to label everything  . Yeah .
do you know where Custer is ? yeah . t_con where are they at ? Uh-huh .
Are they going to be taught nothing t_con they going be taught something What's that going to be like . t_con you know we're thinking about that .
In - elementary and special ed . I got a double major . education .
You live in Virginia now ? Uh-huh . Well see I live in Virginia . Uh-huh .
t_laugh Which one ? Jazz . Learned about their basketball team t_laugh  . good to hear .
Are you one who feels like you have benefited from the change in roles in women ? t_con what do you think ? Well ho- do you view this whole subject ? t_empty
Do you think a lot of people when they are listening to a trial put themselves in a position like that and say I would never do something like that t_con it's for them to believe that somebody else could do the things that have been done ? -- I think juries should be able to recommend sentencing . do you -
So can I just ask you are you Canadian ? No yeah . Yeah
t_con you're in Minneapolis Minneapolis area Five minutes okay . close to five minutes I believe .
is this man really guilty t_con you have to decide that one is did it really happen the way the prosecutor said it happened you know well there's really two separate decisions there I guess
t_con do you think they are deliberate sorts of things ? I think both . Do you mean just like honest mistakes Yeah .
do you think we're paying too much ? Yes and no . Well what do you think about taxes Okay .
t_con how do you feel about them ? pretty good actually . so what are your benefits like at your job t_empty
well do you even know what the procedures are now ? It varies from State to State . Yeah Well don't you think that you know just having you know some you know almost like a driver's license be required you know with stiff penalties if you are found with you know a gun that is not registered or you know that you are not licensed to carry .
# You know it's like # t_laugh why are we doing this ? Well so you don't kill people on the road . yep . # yep
Which one ? FIELD OF DREAMS . That was very good . # I saw that movie too .
What's going on are they going to tell us to stop or what t_laugh  ? No . we're not typical Texans .
-- t_con I guess you are . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . -- like I used to be in that research --
t_con has it worn away through the years ? I don't think so . is there still blood stains on the altar Yeah
How about you ? you notice - Okay t_con I certainly work near a city .
t_con is this mainly cross-stitching ? I do mostly that Do you have any others It was tough
When did you first take your first piano lesson ? probably about first grade that's right . Yeah .
Have you ever seen that yet ? Sleep book there's this DOCTOR SEUSS sleep book . # Well they get to that stage . #
so what do you do to exercise ? I weight train three days on and one day off . t_empty t_empty
What kind of driving just like commuting you'd want to do it for ? Yeah t_con it good for that . yeah
So what kind of weather have you had in Dallas ? t_laugh  . Well it's been very windy t_empty t_empty
How old are you ? I'm twenty . t_con it's a depressing t_laugh topic though . I know .
Do you have any l- nieces or nephews t_laugh then  ? Yeah . t_con anyway . t_con you don't have any children . # I just hate that
t_con that helps a lot # It's does # # one # is now a senior in high school and the other's in college # Yeah . #
Have you ever been there ? When both of my kids were much younger . We have a nine year old . that's great .
how do you feel about the way the U S has reacted in the Middle East ? Well I was favorable . Yes t_empty
What part of the country are you from ? Washington D C that was sort of interesting . Yeah  .
t_con it's not because we don't want to pay for inmates to stay in prison ? No Well do you think that we do it because we want it to deter crime I would have to lean toward capital punishment you know for certain crimes .
t_con do you have a favorite for the series or anything ? probably the Pirates yeah t_laugh  . -- yeah
t_con seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays doesn't it ? sure . Uh-huh . We're supposed to talk about crime in the city .
You're kidding . No . t_con you can even get a trial by jury for a traffic ticket . t_con I went to court
Is it the major wage earner t_empty # comes # home in the afternoon . # That's interesting #
Why ? t_con they make a lot of money . a lot of the youth that I come in contact with are they say I want to be a doctor I want to be a lawyer . t_con at least I had some interest in -
t_con you put the milk in the cornstarch ? Yeah . it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top . It seems to be better than putting the cornstarch into the liquid
You think your chances are better ? well actually I think in most criminal cases it wouldn't make any difference whether it was a couple of judges or jury  . # You think you # prefer the jury ? I think I prefer # the jury system myself . #
t_con the question is you know if somebody offered you know a thousand dollars a day to grow something in your backyard would you do it . Right . Yes that where your absolutely right is we've got to do something in that region to encourage or
do you have children ? Yeah what kind of ex- - Okay
Do you like to go for ? I fish for bass How about you ? Uh-huh .
t_con if you were going to a restaurant say where would you go ? well we had a lot of favorites here in Northern Virginia # you # know you get a lot of great variety of things here # Yeah . #
do like sort of all the regular sitcoms and so forth start at seven o'clock ? I'm trying to think . t_con do they have like - not even the news
if you're going to go camping who wants to deal with bugs t_laugh Right t_laugh  . t_con that kind of puts a little bit of a hamper on your you know - and t_laugh in Wisconsin we do
Did they know that all along ? An- and I heard something the other day this sounds ridiculous about mosquitoes . I mean you know . actually it's -
Think so ? Uh-huh . There's much less for them to get hurt on camping than there is elsewhere . don't be concerned .
Where did you live before ? we lived in Utah before t_con I've seen . A lot of things I'm not used to yet it some good things about it
t_con is it more applied physics ? I haven't gotten too terribly much into my major yet . Are you like in the particle research or anything like that t_laugh Heavy science .
the scary one ? Yeah . It was like a FATAL ATTRACTION thing . what was it ?
what are we becoming ? We're becoming a service country . Yeah . t_con we've got the lowest rates of the civilized countries in science and math .
Your family doesn't live close then ? not anymore . for the most part . Uh-huh .
Is that it ? Heavenly ? t_con it's like Heavenly . There's Snow Bird or Alta .
Mean private enterprise ? t_empty I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support . Surprisingly no .
How about you ? well I hate to - I don't know that I read anything strictly labeled self improvement . Yeah
what is it the policy now with treason ? Do they axe you for treason or is it a life sentence ? I trying to think about other crimes that would warrant it . I don't know .
t_con get that done this summer ? I'm going to start this summer . I'm going into thes- dissertation this summer . How much longer do you have ?
who supposed to make the change the state the govern- you know where's the money supposed to come from . I guess you just have to wonder t_laugh t_con t_pause I don't know .
do you like to go to movies ? Yeah How about movies Yeah .
well have there been significant changes do you think in the employment place ex- say at T I . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . yes
I don't know if you can put some sort of a plastic sheeting or something un- top of the sand and then lay the bricks . No t_con the patio that came with that house was not laid on a like - -- t_con you know they have to be doing something constantly .
t_laugh Well how much do you like lawn and garden work ? t_empty I'll let you start this time . Okay
If I had kids what kind of things do you hope to do ?  . I hope to of course be able to teach them right from wrong . that's a pretty good way to put it  . Yeah
Where do you work ? -- will be able to come out . t_con I feel like one day I probably will write a book or something you know t_con I a broadcast journalist
have you heard that I'm trying to think of what company it was there was a company that was going to be giving out information about your financial status . yeah Let's see I'm trying to think . Go ahead do you have any more ?
Do you consider her country ? I don't know . Well I must say though I listen to Amy Grant . Yeah .
Better than Europe ? Well no that is exciting . Yeah . Really ?
Is that the same for both professors and also staff and administration is that generally across the board do you think -- t_con it covers the bulk of the dental expenses . Great .
What is your favorite show ? Well I was just trying to think . All right . t_empty
is that the advantage t_con what's the - Do you seem to get it straighter And start in the middle of the wall and go from there and go all the way around the room .
t_con what do you do you know ? t_empty Yeah . Well they say second hand smoke and that is worse than smoking t_laugh  .
Is there anything you'd like to add ? No mine too . Yeah
t_con you only get one of them ? Well per bulb . The blooms are on some of them is yellow purple white . Just all different colors . they come in all different colors .
# Are you # a movie buff ? yeah . # Okay . # That is correct .
Well Steve did you go to college ? Yeah . t_empty t_empty
What kind of work do you do ? t_empty -- at C M U . I am .
Yeah pizzas and spaghettis and lasagnas and that kind of stuff . really ? Italian food t_laugh  .
do you watch much T V no Okay t_empty
Well what's your favorite baseball team Rita ? Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
t_con if so why has crime increased ? Well see the problem is that what happens is as that you're go from the country to a city crime always increases right ? crime increased I look at it you have to think first of all why
t_con do you have a personal computer ? well we do have one in our home t_empty t_empty
So . Have you heard about Saturns ? I've heard some about Saturns . t_empty t_empty
t_con the question is does the government make a difference . If they'll mostly leave him alone - Yeah Well he doesn't care as long as he's feeding his family .
Well are you in the market for a new car ? well yeah t_empty t_empty
How about you Larry ? Well I'm relatively fortunate about that . My golly . # This doesn't sound like you've got # very good luck with that one .
t_con you nonetheless often get people calling you ? Sure . that's one solution Yes
What about yourself ? That's pretty impressive . that's what I do . I play softball one night a week .
Oh yes t_empty you must back up and play some of the music twice . Where do you get all this music
who wants to start this one ? I don't know Right . Is that it right ? t_laugh  .
# t_con that's not a good # way to t_laugh - You don't want the government to spend your money . no . # no
Do you do a lot of camping ? Well I have done camping in the past . Uh-huh . t_con it's a very short drive to areas near here .
do you have them every year ? yeah I married your cousin's brother's uncle or something like that . Yeah
what kind of dinner parties have you had ? Well I've had them where I've served up to twelve to sixteen people . Okay Yeah .
it's just suggested ? So how's the baby do you think t_laugh  ? It's just a suggested topic . Well we can talk about something else .
t_con they all went out at the same time ? within # two days of each other . # t_con it was about three hundred dollars for all three of them . the dryer had to have a new heating element
Do you ? Yes . I do like to walk . I'm definitely t_laugh -
How can it be bad ? It is because they - It comes from trees . Well it is though .
Right about after the daffodils ? Right about the same time or after . Yeah . They bloomed in the Spring .
# t_con # you knew how to do the framing ? well my dad knew how to do most of it # you know . # # We started # with the backyard and turned it into part of the house Brand new #  . #
are they new t_laugh  . t_empty t_con they used Are the Oldsmobiles that you're looking at are they the demos
How do you get your news mostly ? Generally I get most of my news from the radio . Okay . t_empty
t_laugh Well how's California today ? t_laugh  . it's foggy and cold here . Well let's see what else can we talk about ? t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
If you've never seen them it's very awe inspiring . No t_con they are huge . Yeah .
I wonder where he gets it ? I think T V is bad . Because they show all sorts of violence on - I do not know . I know .
have you seen that ? No . Yeah really .
AIR AMERICA No t_con gosh I'm just t_laugh trying to think of all the movies I've recently seen . We've got a good video place out here
Do this school your son goes to do they re- to wear a uniform No I think that probably does have something to do with it Yeah
Do you have children ? yes t_empty t_empty
Why have you heard of them ? A C D C t_laugh  . t_laugh Yeah
did they make the movies after that FIELD OF DREAMS came out after that novel . I highly recommend it . It really is very interesting .
Guess I don't sound like it no Yeah . Right .
Have you ever heard of Kim ? now I've heard of Striper . Like have you heard of Carmen ? I've heard a little bit of it .
how about you ? Well I have three Uh-huh Twelve and sixteen .
Wh- type of advice do you think you'd give to a parent ? To a parent ? I guess we should talk about giving advice though . t_con good luck .
t_laugh Have you been talking to males ? this is probably more interesting if it had been a male and a female t_laugh  . Well I wondered if I was going to get to talk to a male or a female on this type t_laugh  . t_empty
Do you ? well actually I would love ? Want one bad . No ?
It is scary though isn't it ? yeah . Uh-huh . we can even feeling the effects of the weather from the shift in the jet stream .
Have you ever had that ? No . You know and had macaroni salad with shrimp in it . Uh-huh .
The cartoon or the - t_empty That is cute . Uh-huh .
you do ? So we might have some cocktails ahead of time and maybe some dip some cheese . Usually when we have a dinner party I always like to grill . t_laugh Well let's see .
do you have any advice for college ? I'm full of advice . Okay . t_empty
Where is it going to be ? Down at Lake Texoma lodge . Yeah . are you really ?
L A you mean ? L A sometimes it's too good because he throws too hard . He's got a good arm
t_con do they take the whole thing ? You're not supposed to have like the coupons in there . Do you have to sort the paper and take out the glossy pages and that sort of thing Yeah .
What crazy ? Well just like s- quote that he had was that he thought the America's emblem was stupid because it was an eagle Uh-huh . I had no idea that he was like that .
t_con you open to buying foreign cars ? t_empty Are you looking for an American car -- as well .
so do you have any favorite teams ? Well I kind of like them all . Okay t_empty
# t_con what if # they pay for it ? Excuse me ? you know I like what # I'm doing right now . # okay t_laugh  .
do you sell them ? I have sold five of them so far . They looked really cute t_laugh  . It sounds like you're creative .
What brought about the fading of the paint ? t_empty yes it's a project that I did
where would you camp #  ? # # Well # there's places in Wisconsin . t_con would you go into Can- - Were you up in Wisconsin
t_con do they cook on stoves ? yes Do they like it where they have tents What kind of camping do they like best ?
Well would you like to be there ? all things being equal yes . Uh-huh . I've be here in six months .
What do you think I don't - You know child care centers at the place of employment and things like that that will help out . Uh-huh .
Banking ? the banking structure . Yeah I don't care what the jobs are you will not work .
So are you a professional musician ? No Uh-huh . -- Symphony and Community Orchestra .
t_con that was a few years ago ? This was quite a few years ago . Thick and brown and so on . My word .
How about movies do you like to go to movies ? Yeah . I was reading when you called .
t_con I guess customers too t_con I think a great number of students who got word of it and participated in general and voiced who heard about the program . in general most of them people doing this are T I -ers my daughter talked to a student .
Well we probably exhausted that huh ? Yeah Okay . Anyway . Well -
You ready for that ? You bet . Okay . the topic is social changes and discuss social changes in America and how they relate or how they differ today than they were ten fifteen or thirty years ago .
how come you wouldn't take them to a day-care ? t_empty Probably find someone - just a baby-sitter in a home . -
Well I take it since you selected this topic that you have children . No Okay . t_empty
who knows . t_empty you know it's hard to justify what so- like you know basically a breach of the First Amen- you know on something that may or may not stand as a law you know fifty years from now or even twenty or ten # Yeah . #
Did you sue him under the civil system ? N- Do what now ? Did you sue him under the civil system ?
well Tad's going to come back I bet do you think ? Yeah Yeah I just wish they'd bring some of the old characters back .
How about yourself ? Well I have an interest in art Uh-huh . t_con I'll sit up and read just to refresh you know to keep active on it
Is that what I- - t_empty Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right t_laugh  . Well what's your favorite baseball team Rita ?
That's some cold golf too isn't it ? Yeah t_laugh  . twin cities area . cou- -
t_con they only won one game the year before right ? Yeah . they did . As a matter of fact Yeah
you N P R -s programming ? in general . Yeah -- end up switching stations from time to time .
there anything else ? Hey t_con what else to you tape besides AMERICAN GLAD- at - I don't think I could handle those tennis balls .
t_con then do you get the five bucks t_con do I ? Okay I see .
You complete college ? No t_laugh Well that's great . and plot and scheme and everything else .
t_con when you get the most heinous of crimes have you ever noticed you always get the most renowned defense attorney ? yeah . I firmly believe in that t_con that's it .
t_con do you have any favorite ? Well are there just the two of you ? t_laugh # I really like Italian food though # t_laugh Yeah . #
What did you think of the coverage of the war ? I fou- it very one sided . -- very watered down Yeah .
Helps keep the pests out I suppose . Yeah they're not bad . -- whatever
have you ever seen any of the movies ? Excuse me ? t_con I guess you don't have to t_con you know if you look at - it is
You've been to the city ? Uh-huh . Okay . Bay area .
Is he one of the talk show guys ? Yeah I wish I could remember his name . his name is
Did you enjoy that ? Yeah . did it myself . - we did it ourselves #
Well t_con well do you feel that it was worth what we did over there ? yeah I just didn't know . Uh-huh .
have you done any other boating then No that's not too bad . well that's pretty temperate .
Did you ever did you ever just bang on it or do anything with it at all . Oh yeah t_laugh  . Oh bless your heart .
What about you ? I guess it's been awhile for me . I know . I know .
So Ken how do you do your family budget ? Well we don't actually have a budget per se . t_laugh Go ahead . t_empty
What kinds of things have you done ? well I've made a lot of baby gifts t_laugh  . really . mostly I do needlepoint I guess .
do you en- enjoy doing that kind of work t_empty Well tell me this Lowell Uh-huh .
what are their names ? Tibby and Liberty . I have a dog and cat now . Yes
Did you ever see the original F X movie . Yea- - t_con I never did the previews looked so good t_pause that I wanted to see it
did he just make the decision today ? he made the decision I'd say about an hour and a half ago t_laugh  . t_con that is very ironic too that your son just made the - This is true
Do you have bass ? Yes t_con they're scary looking . Definitely .
t_con you're doing that now ? You're doing the newspapers and the glass ? # The kids # keep those t_laugh  . # Right . #
Well you know what else really surprised me now I'm married to a native Texan They didn't emancipate them . Uh-huh .
t_con you're in Texas right ? my name's Diane . Hi Ken
How do you keep up with current events ? well actually usually in the mornings I am getting ready to either go to work Okay . t_empty
I bet that's pretty . Uh-huh kind of a mauve and gray . Well what are the colors in your house ?
Did you have to do that ? No Well what about the trim in your house ? must be difficult
# Have you ever # - # Well you can tell me a little bit more about it because I don't think we did that in Utah . You may be familiar with cooperative learning . Uh-huh .
t_con you would trust the decision making dec- economists ? Well t_laugh - Well let's make them have a degree in economy how would you achieve that ?
How much time did she spend with them ? Not much at all t_laugh  . Yeah . One parent .
# Where's # - # How # do you like Chinese food ? Right . Okay .
Well you know who I'm talking about . I can see his face forget his name t_laugh  . well I'm blank t_laugh on it . Yeah
Why do you see any out for us ? t_con I'm not sure what can be done to ensure that they don't . t_con it's hard to say whether the risks have potential of outweighing the benefits or not
Do you think this is vital important ? absolutely . t_con what is your feeling ? It's about why there aren't more people that are voting and participating in  . . . -
Do you like to read mysteries . Yeah t_con t_pause well I'm trying to think of what other kind . I don't think so .
Okay ? okay -- that I pressed it hard enough because okay just succeed  . Okay .
Like what kind of oldies ? t_empty is what I really listen to most of the time . - I really enjoy the oldies -
What's going on ? Well just go ahead and talk Well I hit one and nothing happened . Our time will be up .
Now do you first get your lessons from ? In Abilene Texas . That's right . where you're getting into the delicate work .
If the evidence wasn't overwhelming right ? Yeah . Right . You know what I'm saying ?
Did you see GOODFELLAS ? No Yeah . a review usually won't make me go see a movie I hadn't already wanted to see .
Are you here in local Texas - Yeah . # that's really wild .
-- wasn't that something of him . Yeah Yeah -- -- his autobiography --
You talking about a fully manned space station that we'll keep up there ? Yeah Well where do you think we ought to go with it ? t_con I don't think we should cut the money .
Why can't trees break down ? I don't get it . They treat it with chemicals or something ? It is because they -
Do you live in a real small town or out in the country ? I live out in the country Uh-huh . t_con I think that they get a lot of fallout from this war on drug thing . just because there are like crack houses you know on their street and stuff like this .
# isn't that # correct . yeah # I think # tha- more that don't have it
So what do you think ? t_laugh  . I think we're overtaxed to the hilt . t_empty t_empty
Will it be mandatory ? -- where some aspects will be mandatory . Do they - # you say it is # all voluntary .
t_con you said that you live in Coppell . Uh-huh . Okay t_empty
What'd you think of it ? we loved it . we have . Yes
have you . -- once upon a time . Star Wars is not too far t_laugh I don't think . t_con I guess they're going pretty far into it now .
At U of U No Yep . Oh .
You have children ? I assume so . t_con that's real hard . t_con I have four children
how do you use them ? Well I do use them . Yeah Yeah .
t_con isn't it part of our income it's not part of our taxes ? they have their own budget they go by . no
but it doesn't have anything that's damaging . No Right . Even so so the aerosol is still aerosol
Is she the oldest one ? Yeah t_con she's right there . t_con it comes bedtime
do you think it's okay for a company to reject somebody knowing that they'll take drugs ? suppose # they found out some other way ? # I guess I basically agree that - Yeah
When do they assume this is going to be proposed or mandatory ? what year are they looking at ? t_con I just don't think it would work . t_con in reality I think what you would wind up with is a political football where they would see all these body counts that they can use to for their own will
Would you ever want a dog in the family ? we would . cat was an outside cat and just end up with some kittens Uh-huh .
t_con what would be the features that you would be looking for ? t_empty at any rate do you have color preferences Okay t_laugh  .
Top of the line . Well not so much that as it is - I see t_laugh  . And electric windows and power locks t_laugh  .
# Well what did you think # of Reagan as a president ? I just thought he was really inept . t_laugh # That's about what it looked like . # Uh-huh t_laugh  .
I was going to say do you have grand kids or anything to make dolls for . Well fifty-seven's not young I guess you're kind of young Well do you have -
-- t_con she can go down to the cafeteria ? Yeah Yeah . is it like a kitchenette type apartment where she can fix her own food if she wants to --
How are they coping with it ? Well not very well . # How about # the kids . t_con there's just a whole lot of testing and a whole lot of pushing to do well on these # tests . #
t_con is it better the other way with a lot of different - No # get # attached to # #
# Did you get to watch any of their games ? # # lucky though to have # Jim Kelly than Yeah . our defense was unbelievable .
Do you have long waits to get on the course ? Yes Uh-huh . t_con we still have the Greensboro Open here every year .
Well those things were big and thick weren't they ? Yeah Uh-huh . you get that scratchy sound .
you can ? yeah yeah . You can't do that can you ?
t_con what do I know right ? t_laugh  . t_empty Uh-huh . Right on our borders .
You cook the rice before you put it in ? Uh-huh . Right . -- t_con it's filling because of the rice .
Are you like in the particle research or anything like that t_con is it more applied physics ? t_laugh Heavy science . t_laugh Scientific .
t_con they don't give you for the other . No . t_con you get money for your aluminum cans . t_con they weigh your aluminum cans
Have you seen that movie ? No actually earlier tonight we were watching TO LIVE AND DIE IN L A I don't know
Well you like to eat them after you catch them ? Well yeah Uh-huh . t_con one of these days I will go over to Lake Lewisville or t_aside Ray Hubbard and get some fishing in and get it out of my system for a while t_laugh  .
t_con is that going to change too ? Well t_con there's a metric ton Yeah . Yeah .
Lafayette I don't know where I used to live in Indianapolis . Lafayette . where in Indiana ?
t_con what kind of running do you do ? They have got the track on the inside . t_con I pretty much worked on my own routine . -- as far as alternatives .
Do you think the U S is going to wind up keeping military bases over there ? probably t_con I think that you know in general the region is really in bad shape  . t_con I don't do about it  .
Okay do you like to cook ? Well I love to cook as a matter of fact I'm making dinner right now t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
Did it change anything for you ? not too much . well real interesting . Yeah
What do they think about Texans ? What do we think about them ? What about people from Pennsylvania . No .
Would you like four doors t_con doesn't really matter . t_laugh Uh-huh . I think we would want one that even though it was a compact car or whatever that it would still be nice enough that you could take someone in it and not be embarrassed t_laugh  .
is it real expensive ? Yes -- t_con it's an association fee . Yeah
The # A -s ? # # As far # as I know Is that right ? I guess they are different leagues .
what I don't know is where do we draw the line . Right . That might be true Maybe spend the money on someone who could possibly be helped .
Where did you say you're at Colorado ? No It's just solid sandstone . I see .
t_con she didn't feel safe . No Yeah . t_con I just assume it was something that she could hit immediately and really annoy a lot of people .
# did you ever # see SILVERADO ? SILVERADO yeah . # # yeah
So you think their quality control's going down over there kind of  ? it's kind of funny t_con I've had a lot of problems with this one t_laugh t_con I bought a ninety because I really liked my eighty-eight
Have you ever heard about that one ? No t_con they do one year of volunteer work teaching in the lower income brackets of the United States . t_con I'm out on a limb here some type of college volunteer work for teachers that they are straight out of college
# How # about you ? Well I have a nine year old and a six year old # Oh . # # t_con it # worked well .
# What do you serve with it ? # Huh ? # What do you use  ? # Yeah .
Kirk Douglas ? No I can't think of his name . not Michael Douglas
Are you driving ? Yeah It's a little far from here -
who does . t_empty That's right Now I don't want a can full of cans t_laugh  .
# It's all metric # all ready . Yeah . # milliliter . # and the chemistry in those kinds of areas
Have you made pasta before ? Uh-huh . That would be great . just something for desert you know bread and wine and cheese stuff like that .
t_con probably just got home . Uh-huh . Yeah I do .
I was just wondering were you in SAC by any chance ?  . t_empty I was a linguist  . command post .
We beat Buffalo in was it third of December ? my goodness . Yes . t_con it was good weather .
what do you think about the proposal that all young Americans should spend a year or two - I think it's a good idea . -- # in how you # felt . # Yeah . #
t_con they recy- it . Exactly Okay t_con you put in your aluminum and your milk jugs and newspaper
Are you a Vietnam veteran Dudley ?  . no . t_empty t_empty
well what do you do with your seventh grader ? Well she is into a little bit of everything . You kind of got a span there yeah .
Do you just have one son ? Yes . By all means go get that piece of paper you know . Uh-huh .
Do you have a special # flowers ? # # Well # flower gardens . t_con you said you work in the gardens too . It is just nice to get outdoors and do something .
I know one thing that's pretty popular with the girls up here at college and I make them also is the padded covered photo albums ? Oh yeah Do you - I have a whole stack of material and patterns to sew up as it is
Is that where he went ? Yeah then he went out to S Yeah
t_con how about Brian Adams ? t_empty Do you like V- Halen or anything like that ? so do I . #
Do you go out t_con is camping for you in a motor home or a trailer -- camping are you talking about ? # Do you do a lot of fishing ? #
-- what's a license cost ? Well as I say it's been several years pretty close . -- uh-huh
Did you go on the cable cars and everything ? yeah . Yeah . I would like to go back .
Do they have many buildings that have security there ? Some buildings do t_con I real concerned that I don't want to be on a first floor where you can have problems with things like that I live on a third floor now
So it's that dry heat ? well no t_con if you were familiar with Atlanta - The two cities are very identical
t_con who knows still what ha- you know . Well I know that was awful They were all accusing each other of everything in the world t_laugh  .
t_con you said about Plano and Campbell is the petting The petting farm it's like five dollars admission per child all day . t_con it's like during the week
What's your feeling ? well I guess I probably a little more to the other direction . Yeah . t_con getting stoned or high is the only thing in life that seems to be meaningful then maybe there is no hope t_laugh  .
You really think so ? Yeah Well I guarantee you be paying a lot more in taxes i- the Democrats had more say . I'm not sure that I'm not up fairly close to that .
What are your cats' names . we have Bonzo Bear Poindexter and Felix . they're just they're wonderful no
Wh- did you retire ? The end of last month . must have had some interesting assignments for you there . Okay
do you know any people that run up big bills ? I'm in the age group you get out of college I don't know the interesting thing is that the amount of money you can run up on them .
t_laugh You know . I can't figure out why . every team with the Indians been doing that now . t_laugh Yeah
# t_con # why spend your time getting qualified . That's right . # Uh-huh . # So that it might be circularly being the same problem of expecting not to get hired for the good jobs anyway
What's going to happen ? I afraid for him to go . t_con think what it going to be like for my son when he goes to school . I'd be afraid to be in school or even being a student
What department do you work in ? I'm in semiconductor . Yeah . Do you ?
Who's going to run it you know what Yeah . here you are to the logistics of the thing again you know .
-- ever done that ? -- never did that . No Did you ever like travel around to what's that the little K O camps whenever -- -
Do you noticed any new trends in politics ? Well the one I think is interesting is the California police chief who says he won't resign . Okay . t_empty
it keeps you busy doesn't it ? Yeah Yeah That is about all I want t_laugh  .
do you work for Texas Instruments ? Yes t_laugh I kind of get off on a tangent here . Yeah t_laugh  .
You must be a  . Yes . Uh-huh . t_con we do things together .
I wonder if these are going to be speaking t_pause  . The computers I don't know . Yeah . -- or anything .
Do you hear the beep in the background . Yes . I didn't hear it . I think that's the thirty second warning .
There was a lot more to it than that weren't there ? There was a lot more to it than that . Uh-huh . t_con it's fascinating because I had always you know been raised on this you know Emancipation with the Civil War .
t_con you know what it's like it's like when you first - I've owned several built several Yeah
it's not part of our taxes ? No . t_con isn't it part of our income they have their own budget they go by .
the Cockatoos are those the big ones ? t_empty Uh-huh . t_con I think it's a good idea to have them .
Is it perhaps woman in politics is for the future . For the fut- well yeah . t_con then we can back up . t_con you know just to jump ahead a little bit -
Do yo- on a reg- exercise program right now ? Yes t_empty t_empty
Well I guess what part of t- country do you live in ? I'm in Dallas Texas . I guess we're ready to start . Okay
isn't there a plan now to make a command center there or something ? I haven't heard that . probably Do you think the U S is going to wind up keeping military bases over there ?
What do you have ? We have a tent . Yeah . A pop-up trailer huh .
Have you ? actually I have been in them but just visiting t_con I don't think I've ever even been in one . I don't visited any of them
Do you all have that ? Uh no Uh-huh . Uh we have to uh we have to have a state inspection every year .
What type of history class is it that you're having to take ? American History . what does this have to do with getting you know a computer science degree or whatever you know ? t_laugh t_con I think why do they make us take this stuff ?
what kind of plastic stuff can you recycle do you know ? The only thing I know that you can recycle is milk jugs . like what about like - Do they do -
t_con seems like too nice a prize for nine calls isn't it ? Uh-huh . I thought it was eight or nine I haven't quite figured that out .
What club do you follow ? I'm a big Red Sox fan Uh-huh . t_con I usually try to combine it with catching a couple of games somewhere .
Did they want the guy to I do not know . - just because you feel like he was being kicked on which he certainly was you know . I do not know what they wanted honestly t_laugh  . We want to see
t_con now you know what do we have now . You know got kids that either got a Magnum gun school - No . we didn't even think about it you know t_laugh  .
What about you ? t_empty uh-huh . Uh-huh
are you a soprano alto or - Soprano . as well . Uh-huh .
how do you get your main source of current events ? Well until recently I was taking the WALL STREET JOURNAL t_empty t_empty
how do you like it down there in Texas ? It's real nice . Great . -- electronics and stuff like that .
t_con do you get butterflies in your stomach when you go there ? at that time I kind of did . Do you get spooked you feel you think wow there is where they did sacrifices to false Gods .
what is that have on him running for president . Do you know what I mean ? Uh-huh . if him and his wife weren't getting along -
Okay ? Okay # well t_laugh  . - Okay
# where did you get # # t_con you can put some # cucumber slices on too . it isn't . Huh-uh
t_con how successful is your exercise video ? It is amazing how fast you take off the inches -- t_laugh dear . -- to play that way .
wasn't it a woman . No I think it was that woman I can't even remember who ran for president against Bush .
Do you have a car ? Well at that time actually I had a Volkswagen Rabbit -- Pardon ? t_con do you have a car ?
Do you have a particular local channel that you watch ? Well I watch channel five That and ninety-eight point seven I'm eclectic approach . Uh-huh
You know . t_con whe- simply drilling a hole a real simple thing like gee - Yeah . Your end mills will be measured in inches or fractions of inches .
do you read ? Vociferously . I like - That is good .
t_con do you still order for them ? Well my two littlest - t_con how are your kids at an age where they can contribute to what they want in hog heaven .
Do you like reading as a hobby ? t_empty Uh-huh . not that I like reading but I do do a lot of reading while I'm here at school .
That would have to be a blast . Yeah Yep . Yeah .
Where is home for you ? Originally I was born in Missouri . I understand . Yeah
What do you mean ? Well with the minorities t_con we are saying we have lower voter turnout . you know I think that you have really hit on something there . t_con there still wasn't enough minority vote to get the plan that they were backing .
where do you live ? I live in the Washington D C area Maryland . Yeah t_con they play the same sort of thing over and over again without really necessarily quality .
Well do you tear out of your magazines your recipes t_con do you keep it ? -- change . I understand .
when was the last time you took out just to go driving ? t_empty Yeah . yeah .
You moved there from where ? Nebraska ? when you did go fishing where did you go ? t_con when you were -
Talk about asking for trouble Yeah no kidding . gosh
you said you had problems with fleas last year in the yard ? Right  . t_con we're just not real into the lawn probably because we're renting I guess t_laugh t_con we ever lived in
What - of course it's hard to think of an exact example Don't you ? I think a lot of things are not made as well .
Well what is your favorite kind of music ? Well I have to say my favorite type of music would probably be classical music . t_empty t_empty
He's set Yeah he's all done . No
are you really ? t_con yeah . t_con we're both vegetarians . Well it'll be real easy for us
Do you want to start ? t_laugh you hit - What ? t_empty
How many children do you have ? Two . Yeah . I guess you can make baby blankets that wouldn't take as long  .
Did you use Word Perfect ? no Which program did you use ? Right .
Are you still there ? Yep  . It looks like they'll be doing pretty well . t_con that's pretty good I guess .
Now did you pick this topic t_con were you given ? - # Okay . # use it . #
Tell me what are some of the things that you did with your children when they were growing up ? t_empty # Yes #  . There we # are . #
t_laugh have you done your attitude survey for this year yet ? t_empty Do you know if they have child care there ? Huh .
# Are you in # the car quite a bit No -- and does a pretty good job of # analysis as well . # Uh-huh .
t_con do you have several ? No . Do you have just one paper Uh-huh .
do the skunk was it kind of like a cat to have around the house ? Yes -- Wow . t_con at one point I had a snake skunk dog and cat running loose in the house .
t_con in your area then there's probably a lot of career type people that have those type homes Yes Uh-huh . -- t_con you don't actually hear anybody next door to you .
I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that Probably so . just wait until you know the weather warm enough to stick it in the ground . Yeah .
t_con do you feel though craftsmanship is much superior to the American abilities ? t_empty I + a or foreign cars actually . Uh-huh .
well what do you think if you're in that t_empty t_con now that they the inspection systems are analyzing that - everyone seem to have gone to that whether they last and do a good job
t_con away you go right . Yeah -- easy pickings No .
Is that close to Dallas ? I don't have any idea . I'm trying Aberdeen ? Well no
Well do you have any opinion on the subject ? Well I'm especially interested with what happening in the Soviet Union I am too . Well I'm happy we got through .
do you think our invest- in lives and money was worth it ? No now . Well Mark what was that again ? Sure
Do you have a budget that you go on ? Yeah . Okay . All rightie .
# t_con you # go to Indiana on that ? the ones in Indiana # no # those are the ones that are in Texas ?
have you painted something lately ? Yes Okay t_empty
what do you do artistic painting ? I do tole painting . Okay t_laugh t_empty
to this day are you still in touch with any native Puerto Ricans that you have made friends with No It sounds like you probably know qui- - That's the way the pendulum seems to be swinging right now .
A type of work station ? Yeah t_con I do have a personal computer on my desk here . I don't happen to have one at home .
Are most of the houses in your area three bedroom two bath ? Almost a hundred percent . t_con we gained a playroom for the kids and an office out of enclosing the garage . I suppose we still only have three effective bedrooms
How about yourself ? Well we left here in seventy-six . Okay . We moved here in seventy-four and changed locations in seventy-eight .
What's the topic ? Okay you ready to discuss the topic ? Okay
You have a computer at home ? I do Well good . Oh .
This is your first call ? t_empty I've never . - Let's see I've never done this before
# Nothing # escapes right ? # That's right . # Sounds like a good idea . # pays a # ten percent income tax .
# Tha- worse than having a kid sometimes it can be . # Yeah . # t_con you t_laugh know what # I'm saying
When you say that you grew up in the sixties I take it that was the teenage type years Yeah t_con I've become I guess more of a country fan over the years . It kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up
Are you D A D or something up there ? t_empty t_con I'm pretty familiar with - Well he comes up and pushes us around
Well what about the Houston Oilers . Do you like them ? Uh-huh . I really do .
well then why bother . Just execute them because that's way you're sure they'll never ever going to walk the streets again . Well that means you're going to put them in a cage you think it's never ever going to be safe for them to walk the streets again the idea of life imprisonment with no chance of parole .
What do you think of movies in general ? As far as the trends ? t_con if I am looking for entertainment usually I have more time in the evening than I do in the middle of the day to see things . that is taking the middle of the afternoon .
What do you mean where ? Oh Yeah . Where am I ?
You were more ambitious than they would let you be ? Right . really . It was terrible .
How long have you been in it ? Seventeen years . t_con you've been fairly happy with it . Uh-huh .
Are they typos ? Are they because I couldn't read it -- where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up you know of all the letters I type how many cha- of them do I make changes on . And on each letter what types of changes . yeah .
Do they exercise much or for skiing ? I know when I went you can get sore easily It's kind of funny . t_con t_laugh it sounded like t_laugh you know that they skied really well and when they are actually talking about a place .
Leaving it up to the judge ? We- just sentencing not the trial itself . I think that's actually good idea . t_con leaving sentencing up to the judge only . -
Is it seven o'clock there ? yeah Yeah . t_con you eaten yet or whatever .
they're back to glass you're saying ? They were glass - well that's interesting because - t_con I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not .
Is it working ? that's the question . # How can it work ? # well I don't know . #
have you had any former Suzuki students ? I don't have any Suzuki students . Well as a piano teacher do you have any feelings for kids who come from a Suzuki method t_con it's been good for our family .
Do you have to give those ? Well I could have t_con I noticed after two shots she was - Anyway it's a series of six shots once a week
What if we totally took money out of the camp- ma- just severely limited the campaigns so money wasn't so much of an issue ? t_empty When I have heard about England's elections they are allowed to run for what a total of six or eight weeks . Even for the higher offices in the land . how about the reverse of that ?
it takes a bit of a shift doesn't it . I had job offers . Yeah Uh-huh .
What are you with ? we're with an organization called Wycliff Bible Translators . great . yeah
I will be compensated for this I'm not just going to - are you suggesting then that if I have to go and do something for the country for two years that the country will compensate me in some way . Yeah
Do you use celery seed in your tuna fish ? No t_con I used celery seed in my - t_con I made it
how old is your car ? well I have a nineteen eighty C R X . Yeah really .
it's national ? Uh-huh . t_con they've gotten to pay for all that national advertising now . They used to be
Have you seen like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? No . t_con that was real good to talk about that . Ugh neat .
t_con you were working downtown . No well this is a wonderful thing that you're doing here still helping them out . t_laugh I got layed off by T I t_laugh  .
Are you going to do that ? I need to I found that to be very helpful . and consistently increased the empty of resistance so you could see how much you improved over the weeks .
is that for T I No Okay Yeah .
What are some of your favorite foods ? t_empty All right . All right .
How'd that go ? Well that was the first time I've ever wallpapered t_con I wall papered a couple of walls Right .
What do you t_empty you have to poultry place . Yeah
Do they - t_empty # you say it is # all voluntary . # Yeah .
Do you ? I don't . I've got mixed feelings about the topic . I don't know
Where in Colorado ? t_empty Uh-huh . -- we usually go to New Mexico because it's a little cheaper you know .
t_con they roll up . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
do you know anything about Ruben Sierra's # # t_empty I'm not real sure about th- - Well I think that you know with so much controversy over Ruben Sierra not signing and asking us for so much money it's you know I think -
How many people in your band ? I think there's about seventy . in the winter we do more concert stuff t_con yeah
# t_con what do # you think that problem is ? we have a lousy school system . I certainly do . Well Kathleen do you believe that there is a problem with our public school system ?
What do you propose that they do ? What is your suggestions ? t_con you're right they do get bored really fast if they already know what you're talking about . t_con the other one doesn't .
but so what does that - #Right .# t_laugh  . I mean I just heard it in passing And I don't know that's true or not .
t_con your kids all ski ? not all of them t_laugh  . yes . to Banff or somewhere like that t_laugh  .
t_con what at cost you know that's the thing it came out wonderfully supposedly Certainly Shouldn't we try and help our friends ?
Where's you ki- - putting two of us through isn't he lucky . tell me t_laugh tell me about it
If you have to put a price on it . Which is more valuable life or paying a little more . Huh-uh . Yeah . t_con it's really polluting the air .
What deterrent does he really have ? Yeah . Yeah . Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes .
what kind of things do you think can be done in the long term ? Well can be done or will be done are two different things . I don't know Yeah
Is anybody ? No t_laugh I'm not as good as I'd like to be Yeah
I don't know how long we're supposed to carry on a conversation do you ? It's three minutes -- t_con well Lynn I've enjoyed talking with you . That's true .
t_con # what do you think long term ? # # Well I don't believe in a single # government or a single control for the world . t_con do you disagree Do you agree
Isn't that funny the way we put you know human characteristics on an animal like # that # yeah t_con he'd leave the room t_laugh  . himself
Now that's the Texins facility ? Yes . t_con people have told me . t_con you know that's the only place I haven't tried
salads go first and things like that ? we have kind of a core group that serves as quote officers of the organization Is there kind of a you know - Do you have a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every year ?
did you call them and tell them you just - No -- probably something like that - okay
You just watch them play That's right t_laugh t_con I don't like to play . t_con I'm no good at it
Did you just look it up in a phone book t_con what was it ? How did you stumble upon the day-care center ? # go ahead .
What were they doing # taking some # - # they were # taking kickbacks . wow . it was to the point of not just losing their job but going to jail .
Now what is that ? Jot . Because there is not a lot of shows that do that . Yeah .
t_con what are you going to get it off with if you get it on and it's dried ? Well it's not too bad . t_con we learned to be a little more careful about covering up the floors since the first t_laugh time we spent a lot of time on the floor with a tooth and what not cleaning up . t_pause The other thing that makes it a little more difficult we've got all hardwood floors
Well why stop at children ? Why not go to adults too ? Uh-huh . I just remember seeing a kind of a synopsis of it .
are they pretty happy with it Well I haven't taught in Iowa Do the people say - Is it deteriorated a lot .
Is it a lemon That's right . t_con I just kind of worry about getting a car that's that new with low mileage on it because you wonder why did the person that owned it want to get rid of it . you know low mileage and in good shape .
You sound like you're in the south somewhere . Yeah You don't sound like you're in the north . -- very recently .
now when you baby-sit what age group children do you sit with ? Well gosh # Okay # # Okay . #
Spots in it . Yeah Yeah . Do you do that ?
So your don't play pretty well a full concert band music most of the time then . It really depends on who shows up . okay . t_con you just flip t_laugh through it and that sort of thing .
Do you like it at all ? I well not here . - as far as the gardening and things like that goes I don't know too much about how much I really r- do enjoy it myself . Yeah .
# What about # voters in the other countries that you were talking about ? Like in the European countries where they have higher turnouts ? And well the newer democracies I think voters are # motivated  . . . # t_con he is motivated because we happen to be the cradle of liberty and all that .
do you have the standardized testing now ? We have all kinds of testing What's # the new criteria # I know .
I don't know how expensive they are . It sounds like that it would probably - uh-huh . Uh-huh
Have you ? I've never actually played it . I've heard of that . Yeah
What if they pay for ? If they pay for a P H D ? Excuse me ? # t_con what if # they pay for it ?
How many weeks have you been doing these calls ? since the beginning . -- t_con it had two double beds in it . Uh-huh .
And loud . And loud t_con he is just as vicious as is bu- - we have a little dog now
What's inside the jelly bean ? it's just the same - it's a little problem . Yeah
Where do you live ? we live in Utah . -- sure it was you know very unfortunate thing that occurred there Right .
men know how to do that right ? Right come on t_con he's a man
How about yourself ? Well actually I've done both kinds -- I'm mainly a freshwater fisherman . t_con I've actually been out within the past couple of weeks .
t_con have you seen the movie ? I haven't I'm sure you're familiar with it I don't know if you've ever -
t_con your privacy is invaded probably by other members of the family . Yeah Yeah . Uh-huh .
t_con well of course that's getting away from taxes isn't it th- government controlled . t_con they cut each others throats until they're the point where they're cutting their own throat . Then in the case of airlines of course they became highly competitive
Do you kind of continue call this like a part of savings account or a different savings account It's all part of the savings account . t_con I can't really remember what it is . Oh .
Have you tried the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center ? No I can believe that . t_con that does look very odd in the water .
Well down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your you know pop cans and things like that ? no . t_con most of the things we have are through our cafeteria . We don't have a whole lot because we're in a hospital setting
was that before they actually did that t_con it was w- - I didn't see it Was that before -
Do you have your loans through the Texas Credit Union ? No t_con it'll work out perfect . t_con what we want to do is next year keep driving the same cars and pay on the student loans split that car payment in half and pay you know double up payments on both our loans .
Well you lived in France Yes . t_laugh Where else have you been ?
How old are you all ? we're late twenties . t_laugh that's okay . t_con we like them anyway .
Do you own a computer ? well I sort of own a computer . What about you ? Uh-huh .
Bird ? Uh-huh . Allen Bird . what's his name ?
t_con Does T I have a pretty good retirement package do you think ? I think they have a- that we need to recognize that we're going to have to supplement ourselves . I guess now is the time to think about it t_con you tend not to think about retirement .
because you went there . Yeah -- otherwise not . Although I ca- get quite a break on on tuition t_laugh  . Yeah .
You say have your four year old taking lessons already ? Uh-huh . that's nice . yeah
Jimmy so how do you get most of your news ? Well I kind of watch the national news every day for one . t_empty t_empty
t_con you just like it ? Very badly . Are play the piano I like that .
Ever go up in Pennsylvania in the mountains Not that much . we don't a lot of little trips around here that's about it
Am I pretty Texan ? You're pretty Texan . t_laugh Really ? I'm just sitting here list- to your accent and thinking what a good time the computer is going to have with that .
is it like a hand held ? Yeah . I think I know what you're talk- - they're called moo goo leaves or something
t_con like does it give I guess little encapsulated reports and then a few big stories ? It's primarily a few big stories and then lots of high-level reports . Does that give a pretty good overview of everything t_con I that's kind of my favorite .
Do you plan on staying in the Dallas area ? I'd like to come back to Dallas . Yeah . Hope you'll like it .
Is that right ? well I don't know . # Well I # guess the San Francisco Giants and the Oakland A -s were like the leading teams a couple of years ago . sure .
-- t_con t_con Have you been back to the Perry Homes back here ? the ones that look like brick houses t_laugh  ? Yeah . It's seems like people go for square footage only now --
Isn't he though He really is gosh . he's a bull isn't he ? boy
Should they be forced to do a year of service ? I don't think they should be forced So what do you think ? t_empty
Is that right ? Yeah # It's a # homestead state . t_con the homeowner can't be touched .
Which basketball ? Which basketball ? t_con football kind of after a while - basketball's cool
Do they have a death penalty in California ?  . Yes . whether Yeah .
let's see the one that they have the whole opera singing in the background . Oh! no Don't they have a -
what kind of crafts and hobbies do you have ? not very many of those at - Okay t_empty
t_con didn't get any choices at all ? No t_con in England at least at the time when I was familiar with it about ten years ago they just told you what day you had to show up and where you had to show up and who your doctor was going to be . that's true .
Well doesn't it work you don't see anything until you spend the minimum ? t_empty I guess I'm the one just supporting most of the others . # fallen # right in line for the minor things
t_con did you ever eat at the Blue Bin Diner ? Yes . Showing my age - Uh-huh .
t_con You've been out to Buffalo Gap fishing . Yeah I went to college at Tech another west Texan .
What did you do ? What I did when I was doing that was mostly pillows you know for sofas and so forth Wow that's interesting . t_con it was used quite often in the colonial times to upholster chairs and so forth as well as the crewel embroidery work that was done on them .
so you live in Dallas ? Yes All right t_empty
t_con are they tested random ? No Yeah . -- reg- just across the board .
how do you like it ? Well I don't do much of it here . The question was on lawn and garden work . Slight whir in the background of B Baby and
Have you ever thought about building a house ? Yeah Pardon me ? You ever thought about building a house ?
So what was it for ? Well it was for my friend's parents . Nice . Yeah .
t_con it hasn't been a long time ago . # Just recently . # t_con he is on trial for capital murder . They found him
What did you think of that one ? Enjoyed that quite a bit . Yes . Okay .
do you know which way it is the ratio tha- more that don't have it I'm not even sure in the split among the fifty states think about that .
Like at hotels or restaurants there ? Yeah Where do you go to brunches ? - well that makes a difference .
Is it disco or is it like - is that kind of music t_laugh t_con that's really what I like better
Then again did money come into play with it at all ? t_empty Uh-huh . t_con there are just so many considerations .
face it you can buy pharmaceutical grade cocaine for what ten or twenty dollars an ounce . I must admit that # If it was legal - if you look at prohibition . because it's illegal it costs more .
what major city is nearby ? Houston . no you ever heard of Lufkin ?
did that have - I didn't feel that we really ex- them any . Uh-huh t_con it was worked on down there assembled and then sent back here
t_con are they just calling a number that happens to be yours ? t_empty t_con you actually have your number Uh-huh .
In the school systems ? # Yes . # I think that if your kid's not ambitious he can sure get lost . t_con I have some real hang-ups .
How about you ? Well I think the next car we get will probably be a well - Something a little seating room . Uh-huh .
yours is a four door . Four door Uh-huh it's not a hatchback
like a major problem minor problem or - Well in Patterson there's - is crime a problem there ? Yeah
t_con you have state income tax also ? Yes . -- sales tax . Uh-huh .
# Where do you # live ? In Plano . care providers or # something like that . # -- # t_con # the person we found it through the -
Do you ever want to go over to Israel ? Yeah You know something about the place makes it not quite enjoyable . No t_laugh  .
Do you think there should be drug testing for political officials ? Yes something that kind of concerns me is y- and I are tested for whatever work we happen to do . What do you think about you know -
Have you ever been to Austin ? Yes Well good for you . I've lived here all my life .
t_con you're a SESAME STREET fan ? t_empty he'll be a year old in January . t_con I have a -
Do they still have the scenic roadways that cut through the center of some of those trees ? no Yeah . Yeah .
They don't have a broad based income tax that funds the educational system t_empty -- and send them to other parts of the state that are not so affluent . Uh-huh .
Yeah . Oh . it's like mama in the back kitchen huh ? My word
I know there are some good places to go camping along the lakes . t_con is there ? I'm wondering I'm really not that not familiar . we went last summer actually .
could you stand there and watch them beat that guy . Uh-huh . -- how could - Uh-huh .
How long would you be there ? About four years . Really . Yeah .
in other words if they just wanted to have a gun to have in their home you wouldn't like them to be able to do that ? Is that - t_con you would take a position where somebody without a specific use - I'm sure
# t_con # I shouldn't even try to do it t_laugh  ? Well no . t_con that's suppose to be some of the male bonding and the the male instincts I guess or something about # the # - t_con they have a good time and everything
are you familiar with step or bench aerobics ? no Okay Yes .
t_con where are you from ? No . What do you think causes air pollution in Dallas ? Okay .
Twelve children ? She has twelve children . t_con they have twelve children . she married
do you ? Yeah t_con I rent videos the most recent ones that I've seen are those two GHOST and DANCES WITH WOLVES
what's your feeling about that ? I agree . Well Jackie on taxes I guess I would have to say that I opinion is that I do think American's are paying too much in taxes . t_empty
Have you taken it ? Yeah Haven't taken it yet though . Yeah .
do you like angel food cake ? Yes . what ? I've got a good dessert recipe .
Wh- group do you work in in T I ? the computer science center . Yeah . -- have some latitude in choosing the place to go .
Italian I guess . Yeah t_laugh What's the name of the bakery ? t_con we wear aprons and have to pull our hair back
What's it called ? I don't know I really like that . yeah .
t_con you just have one floor all to yourself ? Yeah . okay . On the first floor where I am there's a patio .
Well tell me is it normally that cold up there in the Spring ? No Uh-huh . t_con Saint Louis was much the same .
# What do you that you're - I'm right now . # t_con # it's depressing too . # Yeah . #
what kind of fondue the cheese dip or - Yeah I don't know if it will come out . I was going to make some like fish chunks and dip it in the fondue .
do you enjoy doing it ? < t_con I don't know t_con that's about the extent of our lawn care .
did you push the button ? Yeah She's not in a nursing home . t_con my wi- mother is in a retirement home .
Where are you ? I'm in Dallas Texas . Oh . Yes .
Do you know which one yours was ? I have to say that probably the one movie that really threw me back the most that I was really the most in shock with was probably STAR WARS . t_pause gosh I don- think off my head . What was your favorite all time movie ?
# Have you seen GREEN CARD ? # # That would be pretty good . # Okay . t_con THE DOORS movie that's out on video . I want to watch that .
do you watch STAR TREK ? I haven't seen it in years we watch like for example - what else .
t_con do you know anything about that new stadium have you seen all those pictures that they're going to put out there ? It is . - That's when I've been .
What generation are you I'm thirty years old ? Well what do you is think is the main change in ? Okay t_laugh  .
t_con you just given them to them on consignment or something ? apparently you just I wonder how you -
You can't do that can you ? yeah . Well you weren't charging gold and silver were you ? t_con there I was in old bankruptcy court .
t_con why would it be illegal ? Well because we have these tow- - because they like to get in and fertilize things too . yeah
Well are they starting though at with the children that are so their little minds are like sponges think they're kind of getting it in all different grades . the first grade level which would be -
He stays at school ? Uh-huh . t_con he doesn't want to be home from three thirty until seven by himself . I've got one child that stays with me every day until five because his mother doesn't come home until seven
t_con how would you improve upon that ? improve upon that ? Uh-huh . t_con I would probably have some quiet and gentle fried onion rings mixed in there with it too .
Do you keep your kids active in sports or anything I guess our big outlet is music . -- t_con you know whenever you're with your kids you want to interact with them rather than just ignore them . We always eat together
not a seventies baby . really when I grew up No t_con do you like classic rock or modern rock or which kind ?
Is the Ozarks in Arkansas ? Uh-huh . Huh . I think Arkansas has one of the best parks departments around .
Can you stand up in it ? in parts . t_con certainly not - has replaced it to some extent
So what do you know about it . Well actually I'm quite versed lately . Yeah . -- once upon a time .
t_con that what I hired for and then I just very little variation from that . Yeah # Are they # like pretty much train for a specific job -- like # really # -
what are you putting in triple glaze or double glaze or - No . Have you - Right .
Well most frostings are sort of butter cream to aren't they . Yeah Yeah . t_con you know all of the different you know decorating tips an things like that .
For T I . No . I'm an electrical engineer here in Virginia . How did I get into it
Well you like Fords apparently huh ? Yeah yeah . t_con they had to do some adjustments on that and of course it had never been adjusted so they had to pull it off and pull all the plugs out to get to it .
t_laugh Let's see . What else is an invasion ? I had an old boyfriend who looked through my notes one time t_laugh  . It takes a lot . t_laugh Yeah .
Electric or - No # t_con # all my friends are really anxious you know to have the homemade noodles # #
what particularly kind of music do you like ? Well I mostly listen to popular music . Hi Hi .
Well how do you think that that's happened ? You think our society's just stopped talking out t_con then you wind up with little brats on your hands . -- # and # adults and particularly in responsible positions have not that basic upbringing in a lot of cases
t_con t_pause what are some other things you enjoy ? I don't know . Uh-huh . I don't have a lot of crafty type things I do .
that's # how they do it . # # t_con that's it . # t_con the only requirement is of course your skill of passing these tests They hold competition
How about you ? Yeah Yeah . Uh-huh .
What would you have these people do if they were brought in ? What into the service ? there's a lot of unemployment right now . You know there are a lot of people around with -
you figured it was like Omaha right ? Yeah . Yeah I would not of guessed that in Seattle .
wasn't that similar to the TV GUIDE ? no Well that ENTERTAINMENT is very - I just enjoy it
t_con Did you have carpets and stuff ? several of our rooms got ruined Yeah you know that
As in metric size hole or a American sized hole ? Yeah . Yeah . What size hole ?
Do you see HOOSIERS ? Yes . # I think . # # he is . #
How about you ? t_empty t_con it's is something that I've done in the past . I've haven't gone camping in years .
You guys central ? How is the weather up there ? it's about seven fifteen . yeah
# Do you # - -- # kind of woodworking # do you do ? I guess tonight's subject is woodworking . Okay
Are you looking or you settled -- you know or five . Sure .
t_con they are on up there in age aren't they ? Yeah -- on tour selling tie dye and # things like that . # Uh-huh .
Curbside pick up ? Yeah . do they really . They pick up newspapers I think .
What did you think of the news coverage of the war ? Well I almost felt like it was too much . Right . Well once they've reported the facts all they can offer is an opinion anymore .
well do you keep a family budget t_con do you have some - Okay t_empty
-- # did you see that ? # See that was a rerun . I # saw that one . # Yeah
t_con they is it like that ? My husband's going Singapore . it's one of the Caribbean Islands I can't remember which
what about this situation with the continual harassment by Iraq right now and apparently failing to let the arms inspectors have free access . Uh-huh . Yeah . Uh-huh .
How are they built ? we've been real happy with it . It's a Fox and Jacobs home . Yeah .
are you in the defense ? yes  . Well that's unfortunate How about that .
t_con you've come to a definite opinion on it now ? it seems like it's gone gotten carried away Right . -- murder .
Is not that amazing . How old are your kids ? t_con I just do not like it . t_con that's absolutely the mouthiest kid I ever saw .
Did you have damage this year with hurricanes ? Not up where I live sounds wonderful . I live on one of tho- little ten mile spot .
Well what else do you put in it besides the celery seed . Just like really fine onions and green pepper and the celery seed Yeah . Oh .
Where is that ? It's in the Caribbean Right . Haiti .
Do you live in Dallas ? Yeah t_laugh Yeah . The same here t_laugh  .
Don't you think they learned from the mistakes in Vietnam ? yeah What world war do you think they found the experience for that ? t_con they had to fill in little bridges all the way where he had made those moats .
Hills or what ? well from my neck of the woods it's hilly . it's beautiful . It's pretty nice country up there ?
what kind of hobbies do you have ? mostly what I do - Okay t_empty
Do you have children ? yes . Yes . Do you work outside the home ?
How old ? He's seven months old . Yeah . t_con if we're trying to get acclimated with the having a baby
t_laugh Should we give it a try ? I guess we might as well t_laugh  . I'm sitting here going dear t_laugh  . t_laugh I know .
How long was that ? I forget . t_con how long had he been a-  ? -- you know it was the best defense they could come up with .
t_con is it enough just to have a thing that makes loud noise ? I think the thing that makes a lot of noise would suffice . Well is that a necessary feature to have somebody you know at the other end of the line Yeah .
Who has time ? I don't have time to sit I know . I know . Idle hands are the devil's workshop t_laugh  .
# Like Garth Brooks . # Garth Brooks -- you know I like more of the real new ones # you know . # Uh-huh .
Isn't that something # though # # Yeah . # t_con now that's big time . It's amazing the way -
Do you snow ski ? a little bit six or seven . t_con how many years you been up there ?
do you live in a home ? Yes . Okay . t_empty
So where are your places you've eaten ? you na- it . like different types of food . t_con it's really great .
t_con they've got these I don't know what if you're familiar with Sarasota county at all . Not quite Yeah . you know which makes up a pretty small portion of the county actually .
t_con what do you in ? Well I'm mother of four Pretty good trip . we'll see .
let's see do you do it as a task t_con do you enjoy working out . so what was the other question Yeah
where did you come from ? t_empty Okay . I'm a first generation American .
t_con what do you think about it ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
I guess by what you said you're feel you're privacy has been inva- anytime recently ? No t_empty t_empty
how do you feel that it should be applied ? Well I ju- feel like there's a lot of murderers and rapists and everything else just walking the streets . You know ? Applied at all . -- or it's applied at all ? -
You just get a book that tells you how to do it or what ? No -- to fix them up ? you just -
How did your daughter do it ? well I have one daughter that works full-time . That's so true . That's true .
that cholesterol # fat free ? # # Yeah . # Yeah I guess I would now use the new mayonnaise free .
-- how can you do anything about a problem besides if you don't know about it ? Right . Uh-huh . really have other people's lives in their hands or even their own life
What made you all decide to put her Well her husband died . Uh-huh . she perfectly healthy .
Pretty . Beautiful beautiful country . They have some wonderful camping areas there . Uh-huh .
Is that the one set in the fifties or sixties . late fifties t_con DINER is really worth seeing . they're all pretty good
# You do ? # t_empty I think it's probably a good ideal Yeah
You are in Plano ? Uh-huh . well let us see . It is on channel -
Are you a native Texan ? I sure am . # to # my voice  . # Uh-huh . #
t_laugh I guess you have not reached the stage where you need to promote a college or anything No . She's only about a little less than two years old . How old is she ?
How about you ? Have you been in that situation yet ? that's really about it . Uh-huh .
Have you ever camped on sand ? no . Yeah . they pop up pretty fast .
# You don't like Patsy Cline ? # t_empty I don't care for the older you know # like the dog left me stuff . # I like them .
Do you remember that song . Yeah . He used WILD THING . seems to be the hot one of today .
So what do you think is going to happen this year to the teams ? I don't know it's hard to say . # # Yeah
on a scale of one to ten where do you stand and why ? Well I guess I stand on probably ten for no restrictions . Okay t_empty
# t_con # anyway I guess we're supposed to be talking about family reunions aren't we t_laugh  . t_empty # # Sometimes I call off and on all day
So . How's your products been ? I really haven't had too many problems . t_empty t_empty
Is it hard to keep track of it t_con does it work out pretty well ? we try to stay within a certain budget t_con at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we you know -
Well what kind of music do you not like ? Well like I say the acid rock what els-  . t_con let's see
t_con like what things are you looking at ? Well I haven't re- gotten that far with it what brand of car are you thinking about buying What kind of -
Do you work with a company that gives drug testing  ? Sort of . Okay . Hi  .
what's that ? M C I M C I Even when you tell them no they keep calling back .
# Cable ? # # no Yeah in fact that was advertised not too long ago .
t_con did you hear yesterday that Mayor Bradley said that he should ? really ? Well the one I think is interesting is the California police chief who says he won't resign . Do you noticed any new trends in politics ?
do you play any instruments ? I play piano the subject of music t_laugh  . Yeah
So what kind of neat hobbies do you have ? Well I like gardening a lot t_empty t_empty
so what kind of cars are you looking at ? t_empty Okay t_empty
Tablets ? Yeah . Maybe . You think so ?
Was it really good ? Yeah . I saw it when it opened . Yeah .
If they pay for a P H D ? Yeah . What if they pay for ? Excuse me ?
You know why not t_laugh  . You bet . t_con she says well my children have two parents . you know one of the girls travels quite extensively
What kind of General Motors cars have you had in the past ? Mostly Oldsmobiles . Help our economy Right .
What do you do ? t_empty Well do we ? Right .
Do you have a lawn ? Yeah t_con right now we're just - Uh-huh .
what is the woman's name whose us not the mayor but the - The manager . the city council - t_con I think your mayor -
t_con is this something that maybe learning phonetics t_con he just didn't learn the right way ? Has he had this since kindergarten It's just a problem with learning .
You know t_con it's like what are you going to do you know ? Yeah t_con I know for a fact that the transmission is made by Mitsubishi . like I've got an eighty-six Ford Ranger
# t_con # if the pers- has you know their social s- number I'd be real concerned that they she's not blacklist on Tel- or something ? Yeah . Yeah . t_con if they can't provide a signature you know they'll have to eat the charge t_laugh  .
Jay where do you live in Texas ? I live in Dallas Okay t_empty
Are you looking for an American car t_con you open to buying foreign cars ? -- as well . Uh-huh .
you mean like for working and stuff ? Yeah I think it's for the better of like i- - Or AIDS testing ?
what kind of drugs did you use # if you don't mind ? # # marijuana cocaine # and amphetamines . t_con I don't use drugs any more . t_con I accepted Christ as my Lord and Savior
t_con why don't you like the Mustang ? I've had one problem with it after the other . It's a eighty-eight . What year is it ?
What part of the country are you in ? I'm in Maryland . I do think there's good daycare out there . I don't know .
I hope you're ready for this . I'll give it a try . Uh-huh . Well me being from Texas t_laugh -
Would you argue with that ? I'm definitely not I I'm firmly convinced that teachers aren't being paid enough . t_con if your child is just pressing along -
Well got any problems on Mockingbird with crime t_con is that a crime free zone there ? t_empty t_empty
Are you in the Air Force ? I am in the Air Force . especially since a lot of us are engineers where I work . yeah .
Like Queen's Reich if you ever heard of them . sure . Right . they just talk about like life in general .
Have private enter- do it ? You mean the prisons ? Mean private enterprise ? I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support .
I don't know where you're from t_con I'm from the Dallas area . t_con they were talking about - I tell you I saw something on the news I don't know maybe two weeks ago .
Do you ? Yeah . t_con I do enjoy doing it . t_laugh I'm not so sure I'm good at it
What would happen if the required young people to do service to the country what should they get in return I wonder . Yeah . people out here getting that money are big voting blocks .
what would be a happy medium or or what would you like to see ?  . well how do you feel as far as uh - so um have you have you worked outside also and um feel that it that -
Got a bunch of groves in it . I haven't had to replace the thing yet . Yeah . it's that one that's about what an inch and a half wide .
t_con who knows if he produces next year they may have to end up paying him anyway That's right . t_con he's got one more year before he turns into a free agent .
if you were going to buy a new car would you buy another Accord ? I probably wouldn't just because I already have one -- No big deal . Uh-huh .
Were you here during the hailstorm two years ago ? no . Unpredictable . Yeah .
It's not the one with all the shells and stuff in it # is it ? # # No t_con it has oysters and shrimp and crab in it . Uh-huh .
what's his name ? Allen Bird . Okay Uh-huh .
do you go to the operas that they sing English or go to the ones that they sing other languages ? the places we've gone they sing in the original languages . We've been sort of opera fans for a few years now . t_con my wife and I these days are especially into opera .
What do you think of him ? I think he's got good intentions Yeah . Well speaking of that kind of issue have you kept up with John Wiley Price ?
Didn't get that far . No . huh-uh . No
How big is the Ukraine the area do you know ? I have heard about that the last couple of days . we hear a little of the news t_laugh  .
you sound like you must work in the computer business . Yeah Yeah Uh-huh .
Those flowers remember those little ones you gave me ? Yeah . I don't know sometimes things do that aren't even supposed to .
How far away do they come from ? they come from in Portland Well that sounds great Ellen . t_con they just meet at like a park or something to have like a short dinner type thing .
Do they budget at all ? do you have them on an # allowance ? # t_con they are beginning to be a budget problem but have not been really up until this point . -- nine and one thirteen
How old ? I have a six year old Well you said you have kids . I don't even know if there's any other shows that I watch or else .
Did you sue him under the civil system ? Do what now ? t_con you know he was out within two months because of the parole system . Wow .
You driven American cars all - yeah t_con they're starting to change that out in the last couple of years too . Yeah .
JANE EYRE ? No wait a minute . wait a minute
So do you have any credit cards ? Yes t_empty t_empty
t_con what era do you like the most ? well I guess I like a wide range . everything from Baroque through at least some modern music . What type of music do you like in the classical area Yeah .
have you seen ROBIN HOOD yet ? No well wha- your next - Yeah  .
What kind of cats are they ? I've got a Bombay a Turkish Van and a Himalayan Persian . Uh-huh . t_con now it developed in to going to cat shows and finding studs for them and you know all this kind of stuff .
You don't like it ? I love it t_laugh  . Oh . It's very easy to .
Like in what sense ? Well um in uh public schools I guess there wer- there are a lot of of you know - a big difference . Oh yeah
I'm was kind of interested if you found out about the study by reading TELECOM DIGEST t_con was there another ? -- well that's interesting . Uh-huh .
t_con now the tickets even got lower than the lowest one last year . you know I'm not sure t_con obviously yeah they're all going up more or less is what it's going to do . that they're structuring it with
It terms of handling acceleration - Handling power everything . -- t_con it seems to just blow the com- away . I'm interested in having it for doing a little autocross racing closed circuit racing --
do you have the cherry blossoms there or not ? Yeah It's fifteen miles west of Washington D C . -- in Fairfax Virginia .
Have you ever had it crack or break or leak . No t_laugh  . It's a lot easier . that's a good size .
Where you live it gets very hot ? Yeah So what is it that the weather in Atlanta that gets very hot . # Wow . #
Now these are long haired ? Yeah Right . We want to breed her with a champion
You probably have enjoyed getting away from the snow . Well I missed it at first t_con I like it . That's right
you have a pool there too ? Uh-huh . I've never done that one before . They even have some aerobic when the weather gets nice out in the pool .
She knows people that does yeah No t_laugh  . Do you have horses ?
you got any hobbies that you want to talk about ? Well I don't seem to have as much spare time as I used to Okay t_empty
that's pretty much the south end of the state or the southern quarter of the state anyway ?  . Uh-huh . Okay uh-huh .
Do you ever listen to the radio I listen to K R L D and K L I F the news talk radio . I do too . Yeah
did you happen to see last night the special on Channel Two with James Galway ? We don't get Channel Two . You're older than I am t_laugh  . really .
well that's probably give you a smoother finish wouldn't it ? Yeah . t_con I haven't used it yet . Oh .
Where do you live ? Rowlett Texas . They are talking about going to curbside pickup in our  . I'm trying to think if there's anything else I could think of .
Are you a T I -er ? yeah t_empty t_empty
Like the fifties oldies or older oldies ? Usually in the fifties . Like what kind of oldies ? is what I really listen to most of the time . -
you say you watch evenings mostly ? I watch evenings because I work all day . Okay . I'm back on .
What the hell for ? Why Kingsley Iowa ? t_con I've got a HISTORY OF KINGSLEY IOWA Yeah
do you ? No I don't No
have you seen it ? I thought it was very well done . it was great Yeah
when was the last time you saw a truck that didn't belch smoke or - Yeah t_con how about all the trucks and buses that are out there . they're better
t_con If you're like me you never have enough time for the hobbies . No -- kind of trying to keep up with that yeah .
Do you know what I mean ? Yeah . # our # causes do not seem as important as you all's were . Of course I do not have much to compare it to .
Did you read Tom Clancy's A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER ? Uh no . I don't know if they could do it or not . Right .
When is the time you had fifteen thousand dollars all at one time to go out and buy an automobile ? t_con see we made poor choices in college . t_con I still go to right back to what I said . I'm just taking the other side so we'll have a discussion here .
Do you still keep up with them or someth- Yeah Well how are the Cardinals ? t_con anyway it is interesting .
do people go off in their own little groups with that many ? did like some people go to their rooms and - Uh-huh . as far as -
Now is that ad good just to Colorado or to Colorado Springs ? Colorado Springs specifically that # has some opportunities # really ? #
How do you usually cook your deer ? Huh ? gosh -- we'll have a bunch of people over and cook deer .
Do you ever watch AMERICAN GLADIATORS ? I have . t_laugh you're not kidding . also saves a lot of time with commercials .
Do you use it ? I do I think it's a wonderful product . yes .
how far is it across the lake to Canada ? Toronto . you're like a boat ride from - Well yeah
what has been your favorite trip do you think ? Well I am not sure . Uh-huh . when I can that is what I do t_laugh  .
Well so are the people around you dressing similar to you ? Very similar . The wind will take away a lot of body heat . I understand .
How does the word wrap work on that ? Do you end up with very different length lines ? t_con a lot of people don't spend the time to learn the package . if they had set up the formatting on the system itself it would do that for them and save them a lot of time .
don't you feel like most people have given up on the rehabilitation idea ? I get the feeling that a lot of people have . Yeah That's what I hear .
t_con you guys can actually get ahead t_laugh  . Yeah t_laugh  . Yeah t_con when we get like a twelve pack then that's like twelve cents back .
Whoever Troy Aikman is . Yeah t_con y- Troy Aikman's knee surgery t_laugh on the front page you know . Oh .
Being in Utah I was wondering # if you ski . # # I use # to t_con do you ski ? I do that .
can't you get records through that or something recordings ? You can get recordings . Isn't that a see - t_con I think I know what it is .
You do skiing and stuff Yeah Yeah . t_con you got some lakes around you can do that on .
A lot of testing ? well it seems to me that kindergarten is now the equivalent of first grade . -- I think they're just pushing them mu- to fast . -- now do you
How long have you been here ? five years now . Not as nice as California t_laugh  . t_con what do you think of the Texas weather ?
What kind of jobs have you done ? Well well I do wo- in computer science Yeah  . I just really can't deal with that
Does that make sense to you ? yes t_con you can't see the stitching as much . t_con I paint around it
Are they going to be able to work at other kind of menial jobs # Yeah . # # What's going # to happen to them ? # That's right  . #
t_con is this early admissions ? He's going to be a junior . t_con now he's a sen- t_con he took a couple of courses in economics and decided that wasn't -
What are you going into ? I don't really know . All right great . Okay .
Do you put all the uh-huhs in here on everything too . Uh-huh . it's sort of interesting . Yeah
Were you in the band ? I was in the band Yeah . t_con I like course
You know ? of course you know everything you give up something Yeah . t_con then you give up the money .
There a lot of places to camp in Dallas ? Well not necessarily in Dallas t_empty t_empty
Where do you come from originally Texas ? You don't sound like you're from Dallas . That's true .
t_con you could get it at the reunion . Right . Uh-huh . about it
Do you ? that's a neat thing . the other thing I think we like to go to the movies too . no
What are you going to do when you stop take all your machines with you or - Well the ones here in the laboratory obviously I'm going to stay I can believe . -- t_con it's been a very very interesting career believe me .
boy I bet all the men that got direct down there were just right on it t_laugh  . That's right People running up saying what's the score what's the score ? I bet t_laugh  .
do- you think there's going to be still a family unit t_con do you think that the trend is going more towards single parenting ? About ? What
#Is it ?#  . But uh I've heard people that I work with talk about you know child care . That's the only thing I've ever done also #is baby-sit .# # Yeah .#
So what do you and your husband do ? We're missionaries actually . -- we're stepping real careful and trying to see what's the best way to save what we do get you know on top of expenses every month . Yeah .
what the criteria for picking a college ? t_empty now what was the question let's see
# Do you # like to do it wi- other people . like the # jazzercise would be ? # - t_con I just enjoy that much more too # than inside . # -- been doing a lot of bike riding outside with the nice weather we've been having
Did you care for SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY ? I'm not sure t_laugh  . Uh-huh . movies with lots of the horror movies with trying to shake you out of your chair .
t_con what color ? -- has got gr- - Well I think they are stopped blooming now in the Spring . bloom ?
does Califor- getting rain then ? I'm not real sure . Well gee Yeah .
is that what you did in your program ? Where you have a list of license plates ? Pretty much . Like I know a lot of my neighbors right around my development . If I see a car that's unfamiliar we have a list - you're supposed to make lists of cars .
Have you ? that is a wonderful movie . I haven't . No
are you married ? Yes . t_con if you're like - t_con then we you know ten percent to fifteen percent more are your benefits
How long will they be there ? probably four or five days . -- instead of driving around in the rain . that is great .
Didn't they have an outside consultant too ? I beg your pardon . t_con outside consultants . - they had out of town newspapers
what company do you work for ? I work for a little start-up company here in Pittsburgh called Trans Ark . # # Right . I really feel sorry for all those people that spent all that time there you know .
t_laugh he did really decide to go ? t_empty Okay t_empty
t_laugh what kind of books do you enjoy reading ? haven't a wide variety of hobbies Wonderful touch tone telephone there . Okay .
what is - We do not watch a lot of T V # t_con # what are your - # Yeah . #
In New Hampshire . # All right . # Oh . I'm an electrical engineer .
how many calls have you made ? I've only made a few . Okay . okay .
did it say anything about newspapers ? I have forgotten what the question was exactly . of course was it all books and things t_con it is just weird .
Do you work with mixed company male and female yeah . t_con I really kind of have a problem with that . t_con I work in a situation like that
That's neat isn't it . Yeah . # Completely . # # Huh-uh . #
Is it IRON JOHN ? Yes . I have someone suggested that I read it . I have heard of that .
Well it's quite similar to a hydraulic jack isn't it ? Very similar t_con it just drops you know . -- t_con you go over and release it
So whe- you work sir ? I work for the government in Washington . Yeah . I started out with you know an I B M P C back in the after they came out --
Where did you go to school ? University of Mississippi . Yeah . t_con you know you need to go to a school that handles whatever it is you want to do .
You think it'll continue ? Well it's going to be interesting . Well what do you think's going to happen in the next generation ? Yeah .
What do you think ?  . I don't think so . t_con I really don't think it can really do much of anything to change it . -- they judged by today's standards .
how many years are we going to wait t_con what do you do with the people that are over there in the mean time . yeah . Yeah
It's sickening isn't it ? well in the Carolina's it's just you know we've got a bunch of golf courses around here . Yeah . Hack it all over the place ?
How about in your case ? Well in my case my husband is not a carpenter t_con as far as the costs for what your getting the longevity of the house is not worth it . t_con you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head
he maims them pretty good doesn't he ? Uh-huh . Yeah right .
What do you take I Thirty-five ? No it's just a hundred miles from here . Yeah
Wonder what happened . I don't know something's wrong . Okay .
t_con you're fishing downstream so it will carry some ? Well no # or # side to side you slowly feed out more and more . # Uh-huh . #
What do you think about pensions ? I'm getting close to retirement . That's a good one . You're absolutely right .
# What kinds of things do you fix ? Well essentially anything you find in a house . a stove or oven or a broken piece of porcelain or chipped tile on the floor . just anything . yeah . # Yeah
How old are you ? I'm twenty-eight # t_laugh  . Yeah . okay .
Now do you think since they started with electronic ignition that it improves the way the car runs ? yeah Didn't have to work too hard to move the car around . -- long as you didn't spin the tires too much or spend too much time with the secondaries kicked in it it didn't do too bad on gas .
WONDER YEARS ? WONDER YEARS t_con I don't get to watch it very much . t_con what's the other one now they moved from Tuesday night to Wednesday night
# It's time # for you to do these things then . Right ? Yeah So we're have that . # -- just have graduated in the past year .
is that with regard to work place engineering or just you know environm- well it's actually waste water . Uh-huh . In environmental engineering -
what do you do ? t_laugh  . Do you have any tips you could give me ? t_con I hate to spray them with anything . t_con I don't have luck with that tomato plant
t_con I don't know if you're familiar with him or not . No t_con it seems to me like the last newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that I wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite . I don't know di- old you are
Have you thought about leasing ? Well I have thought about it -- I guess is what I am saying . Right .
I don't know if you get C N N . I don't get C N N -- north of us . I haven't
a matter of choice or compulsion ? t_empty # What about # you ? okay .
What are you studying ? Nursing . Good for you . Beginning of my junior year .
Do they have options on who they you know like choices of doctors and that type of thing ? I'm not sure wha- their program is run Uh-huh . I know that there are many countries that are very successful with the operation of the government providing that plan .
t_con is Stripper an inside cat or outside ? well he's outside t_con let's see - both Joey and Stripper get treats t_laugh  .
Did hear what Schwartzkopf had to say about Pete Arnett and the news coverage ? Well t_laugh he didn't have too good of opinion of it t_con I can hear the news not have to sit right down and listen to it . t_con I will turn that on while I'm doing some work
What are dialing services ? Where they intend to sell you things . t_con isn't stop you from the dialing services . # I've excluded those . #
-- is it Campari's or something ? I've heard about it Uh-huh . There's an Italian restaurant over there
gee how can you draw a conclusion from it t_con they find that tha- a connection between that and how they do in Spring training the following year . they don't have the offense to get out or to have the more runs Well that's true
Do you want to tell me about your budgeting plan ? Yeah t_empty t_empty
t_con how many generations it will take until only half of the voters show up in Russia . t_con any one shows up . t_con you wonder if now the next election they have if only half of them are going to show up . t_con it's the thought they all got out  .
I know how we and straighten up all these twisted people before they do something terrible Yeah . -- you know Right .
is the million dollar question here ? Well that isn't a true false or right or wrong test here . Is that what I- - Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right t_laugh  .
How long were we supposed to discuss for ? you're supposed to get five minutes . I haven't done this in a couple months . Well how long were we s- -
I don't know if you have gotten into that with your kids t_con that is where the kind of - what they call peace group . - t_con she is into this odyssey of the mind thing which is a lot of time for -
Where you on the li- a long time ? Yeah  . t_empty
t_con t_con what are the Mets going to do this year without Strawberry ? Well I don't know . there's a part of me that says that you know I'm sort of glad Strawberry went away . right down the river Yeah
t_con should we stay on the topic of books ? probably should stay on the topic what kind of counseling do you do That does soun- really good .
What other type of benefits do they have that Canadian based companies  . They have to be a little bit different than the American I don't know t_laugh Yeah .
It's kind of a vicious circle isn't it ? Yeah t_con I better not go t_laugh  . t_con I'm still kind of draggy
at the end of the semester you've got finals and lots of bills I would suspect . Yeah . that effects the budget especially around Christmas time Yeah .
What's your house like ? live in a brick story and a half Uh-huh . uh-huh .
Well do you have a family budget ? No All right . How are you ?
t_con what am I supposed to do t_laugh  . Yeah . # Well you know I work # eight to five thirty # gosh . #
Is that right ? You put it around you pretty much t_con yeah you actually put it on t_laugh you know . t_con the whole thing was small
weren't there a lot of hurricanes there ? Yes because Houston was really hurricane alley wasn't it yeah
Well this is a good subject isn't it ? Yeah . t_empty t_empty
Are you from North Carolina ? No well that's neat . -- t_con I have a special interest in Voice I O .
Well what do you think about like a device a meter right on a tail pipe t_con you pay the tax based on how much you polluted ? t_con that's helping . sure .
Have you had any lately go out ? Yeah t_laugh I hear that one . seems to me that everything that I buy goes bad just after the warranty runs out .
t_con why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights ? I don't know why are they not as vocal can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to say the people in Latin America .
Do you want to talk ? t_laugh  . Well I think that you carried forth your subject matter very well Nickie . well I am done talking . -- in the church .
How did they end up this year ? Did they make it to the play-offs at all ? I'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow . t_con I don't know
Are you required to by law ? t_empty Yes . you got it under  ? -
Doesn't Wisconsin have a state Medicare program or # health program ? # # Now they # just already put through the health bill  . t_con I know that's my personal viewpoint of things . There's no more Abe Lincolns out there that can get into government even if they were poor .
Do you get to see them ? They really do uh-huh . they do
what do they call it the nuclear family ? Yeah . Yeah . t_con now we are trying to go back to about the sixties when the parents was staying at home .
those are the ones that are in Texas ? # no # t_con we always get together during holidays and weddings and stuff like that A lot of my cousins are real close
What do you think ? Well this is about drug testing right ? t_empty t_empty
You have got that one . Yes Uh-huh . they do .
You work at T I ? No -- Yeah . yeah .
How do you feel about rap music ? Rap . I really don't - t_con if it's not then I won't .
-- what do you advocate more taxes or better management of what they got ? -- a civic level and a system level really to find out and t- see what they need and not overinflate it I don't know . where's the money supposed to come from .
t_con well was it hard to adjust living in an apartment after being in a house . yeah exactly right
You drive by yourself up there ? Sure . we usually try and drive up there once every year or two . Yeah
are they - They're completely out now . t_con what about Astonia Yeah .
What have you seen ? The latest movie I've seen that I thought was fantastic was DANCES WITH # WOLVES . # All right . Okay .
# Those double ones ? Uh-huh . # Yeah . we have one of those # too . #
have you developed a savings plan or I R A s or anything like that yet ? We haven't . t_con it really helpful . sounds like a really good idea .
t_con do you think there's too much crime now ? t_empty Do you think that there's any way that - t_empty
so you would have a barbecue wouldn- - Well I live on a lake here let's see now Okay .
t_con is it the same thing ? No Are they different from aerobics t_con we have a jazzercise center here in Plano that has classes like all day long
A jar or something -- well no You get a -- - how do you isolate them ?
Have you been sailing ? yeah t_con now sailing I've never been sailing . would recommend it to anybody .
What kind of mix do you have ? A boy and a girl ? Yeah . That is great .
Is that any good I'm sure I'm going to be seeing it because in a week to Amarillo where my sister lives and she's got two boys that I took to see the first one . the new one of course t_laugh  . Yes
Did this car have one of these expanding balloons t_con just are there normal safety belts in it that you had . t_con I'll probably go back to buying them because I don't care to lease them t_laugh  . First time I've ever done that .
at the University of Rochester ? Yes . okay I'm a graduate student
Did you like it ? It was busy t_laugh  . Really ? Yep .
what's that ? If I can't have it you can't have it you know I do too . I think it's such a shame that the Iraqis had to just go destroy everything .
t_con is it different for the B M W ? I think well something on the order of a three series it's probably different . if you have a problem with a Mercedes you take it into a shop they're going to hit you up for just all kinds of things t_laugh  . The factory was nice
Do you have a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every year ? Is there kind of a you know - t_con she talked about that and how the big picnic table was the symbolic communion of the people gathering together and you know about the bread and the ritual placement . I t_laugh don't know how valid it is
television shows ? Yeah t_laugh  . Well did you understand what this was for what we - that's neat .
Are you in an agricultural area ? Yes Uh-huh . The weather they forecast for our area seems to go right past us and misses us . Just by well not too many miles .
They have a T I plant in Texas in Kingsport ? Yeah Oh . Well mine actually came from the Texas Instruments Cafeteria .
How long have you been with them ? I've been with them for seven years . Uh-huh . -- for sheltering some taxable income .
Did you sustain any permanent injury with that ? No that was always a problem for me was just the constant throwing t_con I was constantly throwing back to the pitcher and then down to second base and all and k- that kind of stuff .
sounds like you've got a houseful . I do it Yes Right now I'm busy chasing my kids .
Do you have a personal computer ? We have one . Now we're ready . t_empty
I don't know if you've ever heard of those . Oh . I have an Inca . the band saw is really nice .
What are green fees run there ? well they range anywhere from about five bucks for your basic city type course up to fifty sixty dollars for a really really nice course . # Yeah . t_laugh t_con you don't #
Where at ? At North Carolina State University . Yeah ? I'm doing my Masters in computer science and computer engineering .
Do you like opera ? I like it more and more now . Uh-huh  . Well that is what + that is mostly the rest of good trumpet marks are romantic music Mahler and Ruckner and Strauss  .
How old were you when you left ? just ten months . Yes t_laugh  . Were you ?
t_con what do you do with the people that are over there in the mean time . Right how many years are we going to wait yeah .
You all both work downtown ? t_laugh I got layed off by T I t_laugh  . It was the tham- same problem . t_con that's where we stopped .
Do you sing or knit or anything ? Well I do cross-stitch what kind of hobbies do you have ? I guess its recording .
t_con put that back in the saucepan ? Yep . I'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg . sometimes I'll put my after I pour that into my saucepan .
you ready to begin ? We might as well . okay . I work for the Dallas school system .
Did you see the C N N the dog show Huh-uh that's right . Yep
Near Polk ? I've never heard of Polk okay . North of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania .
That's the N B A ? N B A playoffs Okay . yeah .
How did you find out about it ? work at laboratory . Well not really . you are involved with T I -s speech recognition ?
you thought it turned out pretty well ? Yeah it didn't turn out the way I planned it the way that I would think that it would go . -- from my I experienced in them
Oh is that North Carolina ? Yeah . That's the name That's in Chappel Hill t_laugh  .
Do you feel there's a problem with immigration in America ? I think there's some problems I guess that's so . Yeah
Were you in SAC ? In Tak ? I was just wondering were you in SAC by any chance ?  . I was a linguist  .
You know I don't know for you're familiar with that or not . No the documentary the THIN BLUE LINE pretty much demonstrated that . as it stands there's many ways and means by which a person can be set up both in a civil and criminal case .
Is that true ?  . I heard the opposite that you should take children to see it . I heard that's a movie that you really can't take children . I'd recommend it .
well t_con does she go actually out into a different classroom with other kids that are involved in this ? Well yes I bet . yeah
Well you know who is getting rich ? Insurance companies . From dealing with doctors dealing with lawyers there is no doubt in my mind who is more conscientious . I really believe that .
Well do you exercise regularly Judy ? I try to ride the stationary bicycle every day about five miles -- t_empty t_empty
Now do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that the you know you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program . # Boy # that have taken that approach . Uh-huh  .
What area of lakes do you like ? Well now I haven't done much fishing here in Texas because I moved from Ohio Uh-huh . t_con I grew up fishing .
What do you like to do in your spare time ? t_empty I'd like to find out a little bit about your hobbies . Okay Leslie
They are out of Korea right . What ? Yeah . Have you ever heard of Leading Edge ?
do you watch anything like with sports or anything like that ? Actually I'm not really into sports . what is the - totally .
you could have got a discount couldn't you ? Yeah Yeah I wish I did .
Do you think that we should have given up the Panama Canal ? yes t_con I did live in San Polo Brazil for four years . t_con talking about Latin America I kind of consider Latin America to include Central and South America
What type of job do you have ? Well I'm an environmental engineer -- t_con I've already been drug tested three times . it will be three years in August
What kind of books do you like best ? Well I alternate between Danielle Steele t_laugh is one of my very favorites t_empty t_empty
Don't they have city council meetings and all that . Are you into any of that what going on in the city council and the school boards and all that ? Yeah . glass almost unnecessarily
Do you enjoy it ? Yes -- Oh . Uh-huh .
What are your favorite T V shows ? I guess one of my favorite ones is CHEERS . t_empty t_empty
t_con is your husband a singer ? Well just an amateur singer . that's nice . Yeah
have you established what kind of requirements you are looking for your next vehicle ? Well I don't know if I really have t_laugh a lot of requirements . Well Sid t_empty
t_con you can re freeze . t_con I thaw it it is frozen . Yes
When it was really just starting . Yeah I would say about ten or fifteen years ago I - one time I remember this was back when even -
Do you work for T I ? No . okay . Okay
it's not David is it ? Is it David Segal . I can't remember his first name . what's his first name .
What is it . It's a mutant . t_con I didn't like Devon Rexes at first . we're go- to buy a Devon Rex  .
t_con is this your first that you're having ? Uh-huh . Well I think it made parts of it a lot easier . Maybe it speeded up the process and all that .
Are you listening to him ? No for gifts . Uh-huh .
t_laugh So what about yours ? Well uh- my wife and I and we've got a thirteen week old baby Yeah . Just my husband and I and the two dogs .
Well how do you find that your personal relationship is with her know that you're both together all the time and you are having to do a lot more for her than normal ? Does that cause any problems between the two of you ? I think that would be the - got to the point where she was totally bedridden and I just didn't have the skills or the strength to lift her or whatever it needed
Is Texas one of them ? Texas is not one of them see . I am looking at it right now . Well on- of them are five some are ten cents .
Do you have much luck in the Winter t_con they're freeze it because the roots are all in the Winter - -- my window sill No idea whatsoever .
Well what did you do when you helped these people ? t_empty That's true . Yeah .
Do they not ever burn trash or anything like - Very little . It may be too late . Then we will be forced to . -
t_con he does not live there though ? no . year round . Uh-huh .
you do ? -- news reporter . I work at channel six here . -- will be able to come out .
Well did you see Carl Sagan on SIXTY MINUTES on when he was talking about when if the war started in Kuwait and they'd set those all th- - No t_con that it seems to be - where they were all concerned about that -
where's that ? Idaho is where I live Oh You don't have as much of the greenery like you have .
t_laugh Got a problem Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged t_laugh  . t_con you don't need to drag it down the hall  . Tell Daddy I unplugged it for you .
At home ? Uh-huh . Well how many different types of packages do you use ? that was a lifesaver .
How about yourself ? Well I haven't been in probably about three years . We do an awful lot of camping . Had a real good time with the family .
You know what the best indoor purifying plant is for smoke and stuff ? Huh- t_con trees are supposed to you know purify . They've got trees
How old are you ? I'm older . Okay . I'm twenty .
Bread do you have bread to go with it ? Corn what else did I serve with that . t_con let's see
# it doesn't ? # # it doesn't have # t_laugh  . No t_con it's got a lot of o- and light also ?
Total banner ? Yeah . Are you a total banner ? glad to hear that .
t_con is he older now or younger Well he's now eighteen . And in you know has completed a couple of years of university . t_con did you put him in daycare I have one son .
What is the best advice of mothering that you know ? t_laugh  . t_empty Give me some wonderful advice Catherine . uh-huh .
so what were you saying ? Do you work with children when you work ? Okay t_empty
Did it make a big difference ? not particularly Well what about the lighting ? that understands colors would know all of that stuff
Do you have any that you like well enough that you tape them when you're not going to be there ? Yes . t_con now it's mainly evenings . t_con sometimes OPRAH and sometimes DONAHUE
t_con it's already some chart and determine the punishment Right . is that the crime Yeah .
There has been so much work done already ? Yeah Why ? It's hard finding an area to do a dissertation in this field .
What ? Powdered sulphur . every time I've done it got- the fleas completely out of the area . I found one thing that it's kind of a weird thing to say to put out on the lawn
Do you know it was on radio now ? No t_con I actually listen to C N N radio . Uh-huh .
How is apartment dwelling living in terms of general privacy and noise and things like that ? It's not as bad as I thought it was -- you know you lear- you adjust you figure out Yeah
what do you consider an invasion of privacy ? I was just now told that's what the topic was Okay t_empty
How about you ? well I like like you said real life t_con I don't have time really as much as I would like to get into that kind of thing . I wish I had in some senses
did you hear our topic ? Yes . # t_con our top- was - All right
# That's really sad isn't it ?  . # # t_con I cannot imagine # being able to do much of anything when they don't even come to school . t_con they just didn't come to school . Uh-huh .
Di- they have a kitchen in them ? Yes A little more luxurious so to speak t_laugh but not much t_laugh  . t_con those are really nice too .
Okay ? Yes . t_empty t_empty
What kind of programs do you - anything t_laugh  . yeah ? I'm a contract programmer .
Do you have children ? Just one . uh-huh . it's only like eleven hundred square feet .
So what's the latest one you've read ? Well I tell you what Yeah . I can imagine .
how do you feel about it ? Well I think down here in Texas they don't have a waiting period on handguns . t_con I bought it for target practicing and also because I wanted a weapon . the ammunition is probably so old I'm afraid to use it .
is he one ? Pardon me ? Tarpley can't think of the other one .
What's some other questions they have I'm not sure . it's true Yeah
have you had very many of these calls ? yeah Well it certainly was  . Well it was nice talking to you .
do you have any pets ? Yes t_empty t_empty
Does it work well out there ? Yeah t_con we investigated this by flying some people out from Dallas to observe some of the schools in California that already had it . Yeah .
Do you do most of yours in tents ? Yeah Well that sounds fun . -- and then make trips up into the mountains for backpacking and hiking and overnight camping .
married ? Huh-uh . No . got kids ?
you just t_con you just given them to them on consignment or something ? I wonder how you - What do you do ?
Is there one you prefer better the older one or the youn- one ? Well they're a lot different . Yeah . okay .
t_con what the heck . t_laugh That's right . Hey I need the exercise A flyer's on every door every day .
Was that you that we didn't hear the whole prompt ? Yes Well I did hear the end of the prompt this time . t_empty
# What kind of books ? # I at # the well how interesting . # I'm an editor . #
t_con that's always been the way of the world . Don't you think t_laugh  . Which I think that that's not the way the majority of the people over there really are . t_con it's always been t_con it's always been military
Wasn't it your state that had the guy that committed all those murders ? There was that - Uh-huh . t_con they in there .
How are you satisfied with the TWENTY TWENTY and FORTY-EIGHT HOURS and the things that you do # watch ? # # Yeah . I see . Uh-huh .
what kind of books do you read ? t_empty t_con I guess we're supposed to start talking . Okay .
how many years have we tried to find a cure for cancer . Uh-huh . I don't you know - t_con it's kind of like cancer .
Is his office in Plano ? t_empty t_con we kind of looked for where the office would be located we don't like that either t_laugh  .
Do you go to Berkeley ? No So where do you go ? t_con it's only a couple of hours away to a large city .
The ones that blink off and on . Yeah t_con I have - t_con I have the special lights on the outside .
t_con what's your next purchase supposed to be ? t_empty Anyway Yeah .
Pets get like that don't they # they think they own you t_laugh  . # t_con we're kind of their pets . They actually you know sort of take over the place
t_con in some of the instances like you just cited where you have to give your fingerprints wha- happens if you say no . If you say no then you're excluded I guess I feel bad because - You can't
Where in Arizona ? Tempe . That's generally our usual summer vacation . My grandparents live there .
I don't know how your emissions test is on your cars or anything t_con I know they differ from state to state . I haven't heard that . I don't know .
Two ? Uh-huh . I have two . how many children do you have ?
What school is that ? It's Southwest Missouri State University -- Pardon ? What is twenty-one thousand ?
Do you have an opinion about it ? Well I agree with it wholeheartedly . at least on the surface it sounds like a good thing . I think that's all right .
no Texas Rangers ? t_laugh after that if you asked me that I wouldn't have been able to tell you if that was football or t_laugh baseball . now come on Really ?
t_con you call him collect ? No . Yeah t_con I doesn't matter about the money because we need to hear from you .
Is that what you're saying ? Uh-huh . Right . Now would cook it for the same amount of time as you would prepare it any other time ?
how close is it to a home environment . Yes . I think you know for myself I see that as probably the what everything would hinge upon . Yes .
How did you stumble upon the day-care center ? Did you just look it up in a phone book # go ahead . -- you know that have done this over and over again .
What do you like about Tempe ? mainly just being with family is it . That's where I'd like to go . I've never been to Tempe .
you don't . No Now see we don't have that here yet . Huh-uh .
How about you ? Do you like to go for ? Uh-huh . t_con it's a lot of fun .
what are you for or no comment ? I'm very much in favor of gun control . Okay Charles gun control t_empty
What building do you work in ? I'm in the South Building . okay . I'm in facilities and happen to have weekend duty here .
do you ever go for steak ? Just a steak and potato and salad bar that kind of thing . not really . It's real entertaining for her . most kids do .
t_con is that like near Albany or Syracuse near Syracuse it's up state # Rome New York #
What kind do you have ? We have an I B M compatible . -- computer . uh-huh .
he's a bull isn't he ? Isn't he though boy Uh-huh
What other topics have you had ? I've talked about camping with someone . t_con they mailed me the information that I filled out  . she stuck my name on some list
Do you think it's a - Well I think it's a pretty good idea . Well what do you think about the idea of kids having to do public service work for a year ? Okay .
do you participate in family reunions ? I did for years . Okay t_empty
What would you serve if you were having a dinner party ? the one I talked about the other night was good Oh . t_con the topic was boring I thought .
White pants in a bakery . Yeah . t_con we have to wear white pants and any color T shirt as long as it's not like a bright color like a pastel . Okay .
What school are you going to ? N C State . Uh-huh . are you ?
now we're supposed to talk about social activities . Right ? Okay Here we go .
Do you go with friends t_con do you go alone ? t_con like I usually choose to go at nine thirty in the morning or a nine fifteen class or a ten thirty class in the mornings . t_con you just go in whenever you can .
does it offer like band or some of the instruments ? Yeah Now does the school in city - my oldest is getting to the point where he likes certain types of music and favorite songs and when they come on we have to turn the radio up full blast
have you ever heard of Virginia Tech ? Sounds vaguely familiar . Uh-huh I've been -
t_con what about their reputation of the company or the price . Yeah that they have Amenities .
what do you think is the biggest problem ? t_empty Okay t_empty
t_con is there some nice places to go to eat in Plano ? Well nearby . -- stay as long as you want . right .
How did you know to choose this subject tonight . That's funny t_laugh  . it is . Yeah
isn't that funny . Did they mail that to you or he brought it to you ? Here's where a calculator but it's not even made by T I It's got wheelbarrows . t_laugh A lot of kitchen stuff of the mixer the toaster a waffle maker popcorn popper all kinds of stuff like that .
What do you think we can do ? Uh-huh apart from that I don't know what we can do as individuals . and make sure we keep our pollution devices clean and all that sort of thing .
What do you think about the lower grades you know # K through seven ? # # Well I # should imagine the lower grades Uh-huh . I have mixed views on all three of them .
That must be the ones that look like they're packaged for a restaurant . Yes -- t_con that's great . Yeah .
are you a BIBLE fan too ? I do my share of it . do you - Uh-huh .
do you know ? I'm not sure what it is there . well wh- the difference there That's amazing
t_con are you talking about # others ? # # The elected # people . Now are you talking about the elected people t_con the people that are talking this numbers have no concept of what that number means .
They just working up there or going to school or what ? Well let's see No . Are they two married ?
what was the results there . - he was found guilty So what was the verdict # it was amazing .
What's your favorite restaurant ? I guess just in Plano I like to go to Souper Salads . -- it may help their tip may not yeah .
did you call ? Buddy . What's his name t_con you already want to replace him  .
t_con how many do you have ? We have two children how much time do you spend with your children I'll ask
t_con he really does use it as a vacation home . It is not like a farm that he has somebody else run for him or something like that . I see t_con he leased to his neighbor for the cattle to feed on .
So are you still going to school Yeah we are getting to that point too . t_laugh A student .
Well what do you feel about the present situation in the Mideast ? Well it looks like it's just about as volatile as it usually is . t_empty t_empty
you don't plan on putting any of that in ? Well it's got a very small furnace . -- because the house has no heating or air conditioning . Uh-huh .
Wonder about them in what way ? Well from what I understand there's been studies that these children are more rebellious . t_con I also wonder about the children that are being brought up in the day care centers . t_con I guess it's a price you pay .
Philadelphia ? No . I'm not . No
t_con every time you try to get out of debt the economy goes to pot because people are spending money right . Yeah . debt . # Can't # never get out of debt .
t_con you're in what city ? I'm in Richardson . t_con I probably do . Have lived here forever
Still carries a good lim- average ? Well no t_con she still got to be - Uh-huh .
Which crimes do you feel that ? - Well I think first degree murder probably warrants it . Yeah . Well I'm kind of in favor of it for certain crimes .
In Missouri ? In Missouri Uh-huh . t_con you have to have it fairly early in the summer or it is too hot up there .
Huh ? A lot of these lakes and things if you could find a centrally located like say about the same distance for all of you all to come ? t_con you know what you can do ? t_con it would get kind of expensive .
t_con all ages . Yeah pretty much . Yeah
Isn't it strange how people are fascinated by other people that they think are strange t_laugh  ? Yes . he seems to come up with . I don't know
-- did you all ever think about purchasing that one when it comes out ? You know I look at those - Yeah . HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS -- -
# Did # you hear the questions that the lady brought up ? Yes . # Good . # Miss Nancy we should be in business now .
Well I personally don't have any problem with drug testing employees or potential employees do you ? # # t_empty t_empty
Where are you in relation to Sevren ? places to - Well the housing here in Maryland is just atrocious . And in the entire D C area . t_con that's pretty much all the houses in the area t_laugh for probably a square mile I'd say at least maybe even a little bit more than that .
is that the one where they always got this tape recording that self-destructed ? That's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE . Let's see how about MAN FROM UNCLE ? Well I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time
You know . Yeah . Uh-huh . t_con I get like green beans and mashed potatoes .
do you ? t_laugh  . Yes Yeah I love that show .
What do you call the dog ? it's Mitzi . pardon ? What's her name by the way ?
That's one of those interesting pieces of trivia that somebody said did you notice that ? Huh-uh . now see I'd a never put those two together . believe that ?
Have you ? Uh-huh . t_con we've had lots of them in the past . Both of my kids are under two so right now we don't have pets
What do you think about them ? I think they get a lot of people in trouble . You do ? I do t_laugh  .
Anything do any about adult crime . Yeah What about with adults ? Yeah .
was she from your part of the country ? # t_con was she from # - I think of the young girl in Florida who - I don't have the answer
what i- your practice as far as budgeting ? Do you manage the money ? t_empty t_empty
Clothing sales . Yeah . uh-huh t_laugh  . Uh-huh
t_con what do you do ? Yeah . Well they are not allowed to water Yeah .
can you actually catch those t_con there's no limit . is that like a sport fish Do they have a limit on sharks
Well do a lot of people take advantage of it ? Quite a few do . yeah t_laugh  . They make it as easy as they possibly can for you .
Well where do you do that Uh-huh . -- t_con we usually save up our cans and change them in for money . Uh-huh .
So what did you do when you were in Europe ? well see I went there when I was in high school actually -- that turned out to be a really good experience for me . So yeah
Were they like all in Dallas ? no All local . in the family .
Well how do you feel about companies drug testing prior to hiring ? I was tested within my company . Yeah . because I know I certainly wouldn't want to you know be endangered by somebody in a company that accidentally dropped something on me or you know because he was on drugs while he was there .
So I guess our vote is no t_laugh  . That's right t_laugh  . t_laugh I know the feeling . for a year again . #
Is that what you do ? yeah . Uh-huh . I always kind of think it would be neat to be able to watch them and be there for them all the time .
do any of those ever come to Pittsburgh ? They do -- I would love to be able to go see those . Yeah .
Well do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there when we built it ten years ago it was around a hundred and forty thousand dollars . you're kidding t_laugh  . that same house here would probably cost three-quarters of a million dollars t_laugh
t_con you get to come home and watch them t_laugh  . Yes it's something I've done for the last probably twenty-five years . that's been on for years .
what if he cried at the wrong time t_empty goll- - -- t_con seems like you know -
well what do you think ? Well I'm kind of leaning towards what my no would be . Okay t_empty
t_con I sort of wondered what your thoughts you had on that area . t_empty there certainly have been ideas surfaced recently matter of fact repeatedly by many people Well I don't know what to do about the federal budget .
I don't know would you classify that as Tex-Mex ? Yeah t_con it's probably the best tasting - I'm not a I'm Mexican food gourmet by any means
t_con I'm wondering how many women actually major in engineering . Act- you know I say that okay . t_con that's where the high pay is .
which state is that ? State of Minnesota . -- in a better condition . Uh-huh .
Does that give a pretty good overview of everything t_con like does it give I guess little encapsulated reports and then a few big stories ? t_con I that's kind of my favorite . t_con I keep coming back to that one
Have you ever had them just come up in different places ? Uh-huh . t_con some of the seeds drop . now if we have any like the birds will pick or something you know
What do you think you'll buy next ? Well since I just turned forty I'm thinking about t_laugh a forty year old man's car something real sporty -- Uh-huh . -- about sprucing that up in a couple years if I can .
Do you have a boat ? No t_con I have a lot of friends who like to go fishing . Fishing's a good way to do that
What about you ? Yeah t_con you know that's my major complaints I guess . I'd rather that we got a bit more coverage for a lot less money .
Is there a DeVry in Akron ? I don't even know -- seems like he went to school at like DeVry . Well I got some friends that -
Did you see it when he was doing the coverage of the Gulf ? I might of . His name is Wolf Blitzer . Uh-huh .
-- do you suppose they will t_laugh come and knock on your door and - I don't know Uh-huh . t_con I wonder if that means that if you don't do it -- -
How long do you work for T I ? about three years . I see . north building .
Is it a looter that got shot by a store owner ? no tears . # # Uh-huh . # -- and pursued it you know because I'm interested in the circumstances surrounding # this thing . #
With what Church ? we're with Wycliff Bible Translators . we come back for a year . We go over four
what's your husband do ? he works for Coca Cola . Yeah t_con as far as during the week it's usually you know just my son and I
What are they like ? They are very nice . t_con in Texas that is where we camp basically . t_con we used to go to Tyler State Park and Daingerfield
So you been down here before ? Yep . I could see why . yeah .
Do you think that the weekly magazines provide you with as much detail information as you'd like ? Well yes . t_con that's why I concentrate on weekly magazines . t_con my only complaint is I really don't enough time to look at the articles every day and go through a paper you know exhaust the details .
Now are you with T I down there ? Well I was with T I until January . Yeah . I haven't quite adjusted you know ?
t_con s- Antonio isn't that close to you are they ? Really isn't it's true Yeah
Don't you have to take like labels off of those jars ? No t_con put them all in a place just rinse them out a little bit
t_con what do you think next to salary do you rank is the most important job benefits ? t_empty I guess we're going to talk describe job benefits Okay
When is your good watching time ? it seems like ten o'clock at night t_laugh  . That kind of thing . # Uh-huh . #
I know that Texas's last gubernatorial election probably brought out a lot of voters . t_empty -- just across the street . Yeah .
t_con ha- not met your husband . yeah well I'm sure Yes
what part of Pennsylvania do you live in ? are you familiar with any of the area that all ? Uh-huh we live in a rural area up here .
Well what else do you like ? Well I love seafood -- Just can't make those flour tortillas . so do I .
Have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning ? No You know some of the really emotional ones . - Uh-huh .
You mean in cable ? Uh-huh . They do have like those parental control things on the remote controls . You know where you can block out what channels you do not want them to watch . Yeah .
Are you working anywhere while you are going to school ? No . t_con it's not what I want to spend it on you know . for us you know it's like I I can spend that money
t_con where have you skied ? t_con it's kind of nice being up here just because it's all like a vacation in itself when you get to go . I said I do like to ski . t_laugh Yeah
that was funny wasn't it t_laugh  . Yeah t_con then before that one I saw NAKED GUN TWO AND A HALF . t_con I saw that one
t_con sounds like you got some real nice tools too . Do you think you would be able to do some more if you had more tools and different tools ? t_con I like to get out and to work with my hands t_con also I sometimes think that I enjoy doing that
You ever heard of Boise ? yeah It's by Boise . I have a little baby thinks he needs to cry now that I'm on the phone .
Do you have to sort the paper and take out the glossy pages and that sort of thing t_con do they take the whole thing ? Yeah . That would be easy .
Did you go use on the ceiling ? We used a flat latex paint -- t_con that's one of the reasons why we painted that's true .
Do you ? we like Indian food We like international food Yeah .
So what do you think ? Should they be forced to do a year of service ? t_empty t_empty
Well what are your hobbies ? Well I kind of have hobby fads I guess . That's correct . Give you a little Christmas money any way .
How much is it in Dallas ? Well it is six dollars I don't know . I think .
Well how many different types of packages do you use ? At home ? that was a lifesaver . they come in real handy
How about you ? I like classical music also . t_con it's the po- I enjoy the most . I don't know a lot about classical music so far as any background in music
Well did you understand what this was for what we - television shows ? that's neat . Yeah
Hello Hello . There's some kind of problems . Whoops .
is it called Baldwin or Bebble ? Uh-huh my brother lives - They are beautiful homes .
you know how do you decide . how do you decide what number of people have to say that . - Uh-huh . what's the cut off number seven five you know six six
he did it in that ? # # the huge one . # Uh-huh that is awful .
Do you agree t_con do you disagree What's yours ? I know .
t_con do you have children ? Yeah . Well are you married You know . t_con that is the way most people feel that women should get custody .
In Dallas ? No really ? I'm in Texas .
that's the one . That's the one . Uh-huh It's just that if you're ever really want to just be scared out of your wits
How did it influence them ? the one guy I worked with down in Austin hated it . Okay . A couple .
Do I start calling in myself t_con do I wait for people to call me ? -- I volunteered for . Uh-huh .
who's going is it Chicago and - I don't know t_con who do you thinks going to win the playoffs ?
well how many families own a refrigerator Uh-huh . t_con as I say there's a tremen- - yeah .
Well what are the colors in your house ? kind of a mauve and gray . Yeah . They're my babies .
Middlekauff wouldn't ? She needs to find herself a lawyer . t_con the people wouldn't reim- reimburse them for anything . t_con everything was stolen out of it
What part ? Provo . really ? t_con I have lived in Utah for like ten years .
A poodle miniature or full size ? Yeah currently we have a poodle . yeah
t_con about how much are they ? I'd noticed up here they're a lot more expensive it seemed to me from the ads in the paper . Uh-huh . -- t_con they're very easy to train --
how # do you - # We # skin them . t_con do you fillet them out t_laugh Well t_con do you just skin your catfish
They don't have a southern accent up there though . No . I know about that . Yeah
COCOON ? COCOON the guy that played in it that I liked best was the one who was in the one about the old people . Yeah .
that's been about ten years ago right ? Uh-huh well let's see I just couldn't believe that # he got voted out . #
Do you have a two income family or one income ? t_empty Yes . We just scramble through month to month you know .
Do you have one t_empty Does your family normally have a reunion ? t_empty
What vacation have you enjoyed the most ? Probably when we go to Wisconsin  . Yeah . yeah .
So how do you just figure - Well you know it depends upon our weather here . You know Okay . t_empty
t_con you're glad you're doing it right ? that pretty much covers my experiences . -- t_con no
Now can she leave on a day by herself ? yeah Well that's great . meal you know .
Pretty down there . t_laugh Yeah I do like to ski . Pretty good .
# Even in Utah . # Yeah Or you know anything but the public schools and the ones that did have you know # the kids # Right .
Why ? William Shatner wrote it . I don't . No
What about you ? Do you own a computer ? Uh-huh . t_con I can transfer data back and forth between the P C and the main frame .
you realize that the Kuwaiti government gives every Kuwaiti man woman and child money . no . It astound That's right .
Did you exercise between your first child and your second ? I exercised pretty well up until I found I was pregnant I understand . Yeah
What was the other case ? That was also civil ? Right . You just needed a majority ?
Did you have any fear working in the hospital with that That's one thing I've never really feared . Yeah . You know .
t_con d- that where they have a summer music festival there too ? Right sure Sure
what part of Dallas are you from ? Far north Dallas t_laugh  . I wouldn't think I don't think so
The question becomes what do you do about somebody who tests positive . Exactly . Right . can do it ?
They're on metric aren't they ? Yeah t_con I'm not sure what they do in England now . Though we call it the English system
t_con do you get into that's Yeah Do you like to bake at all Okay .
There's no official document signed or anything ? Not yet . they could take off at any moment without you know t_laugh you know any local you know congressional effort or anything else because you know it's not really settled yet . Start up . -
do you have any experience in finding child care ? Well ourselves we have I guess never had to look for child care . like I mentioned Brian and I guess we're going to want to be talking about child care . t_empty
it's that sweet Chinese sauce ? No t_con another quick dish if you like do you know what hoi sin sauce is Yeah .
Wh- do you use that ? I'm kind of learning at this -- you know like around doors and on doors things like that . Uh-huh .
t_con it just pertained to that t_laugh  . -- yeah Uh-huh t_con it was such a hassle --
did you notice a big difference ? Oh yeah Uh-huh well I went through private an until ninth grade .
Did you base it on what you wanted to major in or what you would feel comfortable with or what you could afford t_con you know there's all of these areas to look at in making the decision . what were your selection criteria . The reason I ask if you went to college is I thought well you know -
What work are you in ? I work for T I . It certainly is frightening . I know it .
They have mostly small mouth in them No t_con these are real good for like you know bass fishing and so forth . where there're lots of small lakes everywhere
What about fast foods ? t_empty t_con it's just fabulous food . uh-huh .
Now how do you mean that ? t_empty I don't see how one or two people maybe more one or two but you know a number of people can be the downfall of com- situation . You know . t_con it's not a person's fault that you know people not buying or businesses are not on the up and up all the time you know .
I do not know how it is in the Air Force base . t_con I just do not think a lot of people because of the economy both need to work you know . t_con I do not think a lot of parents - I think T V is bad . Because they show all sorts of violence on -
Like fabric that's been stiffened . Yeah . They make them hard you know ? I don't know how to explain it .
Was that our beep ? Well no Now I would like to see betl- better dental insurance to me . we are all different
So what sort of car are you interested in getting next ? Well actually I love the car I have . t_empty t_empty
t_con is your grandmother impaired ? Is she of Alzheimer's or something like that ? Well that's good . t_con they put her into that opening .
What else ? well t_laugh I guess that I really don't know that much . -- in the South . Uh-huh .
Where is he from in France ? t_empty and didn't understand it That's funny .
t_con p- t_con is it passed ? I knew it was there Is that how it's worded ?
# t_laugh That's the # kind you like you mean ? Yeah . makes you cry it sounds so sad # t_laugh  . # okay . #
do you ride inside if you can't ride outside ? No What time of the year do you usually embark on your - When do you get to begin with the winters and all that ?
Not really . as far as I can tell it hasn't killed anything it wasn't supposed to . What else t_con that's gon- to be expected .
this World League is coming in ? that's getting ready to start up right ? Yeah . -- can we get on T V
what do you think about the war recently ? The war ? Okay t_empty
Are you D A D or something ? Yeah t_laugh  . Are you D A D or something up there ? t_con I'm pretty familiar with -
t_con everybody could stay together ? Right . I see - t_con it's not very expensive that way .
can you hold on just for a second ? Sure . t_con as far as the actual news I get that from the - Right .
What kind do you subscribe to or do you ? Well I subscribe to P- for a long time . well we have to talk about magazines Okay t_laugh  .
Have you been following the progress of the space health code  ? to a degree . Uh-huh . stuff like that .
Are those the only two things that we -- - I really would have no idea . I don't really know . t_con now the- added mass murder . it used to be just capital murder
t_con how about the Soviet Union . What do you think's going to happen there . Absolutely . t_con what does it cost these people over there you know .
Have you ever had crawfish ? no Yeah . barbecue and cooking out in the yard it ya- you know when it's nice . Barbecue outside chicken and that kind of stuff .
Well what do you put in it ? you make your boneless chicken breasts Uh-huh . t_con that's about it you know .
Are you a total banner ? Total banner ? glad to hear that . good
originally ? Uh-huh . # Where are # you from ? # Yeah . #
how do I feel about it ? I don't know . t_con I am just hitting it right . Yeah
t_con do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing t_pause  . - Oh t_con we don't intervening in that -- I don't know really what's going to happen .
What instrument does he play ? He plays the - That's good . t_con I think that's really good because they're learning to like all different kinds
What sort of requirements to you have for your car ? sports car . Oh . t_con new
how many kids do you have ? Just two rip up all the rest of these junipers or anything that requires more care than I am willing to give the kids and replace it with hollies . Uh-huh .
t_con it's the rambler style . Yeah Uh-huh . Ours is one level only .
do they all have the small children too that come ? Yeah Well that sounds like fun t_con we usually meet like at my uncle's cottage in the lake and make a couple days of it .
well then I don't know how much you've been through it t_con I think parts of it made a lot easier . okay Uh-huh .
isn't it funny . t_laugh they p- permitted their carrying concealed weapons . Yeah -- they were a little bit too liberal .
t_con is it ? - I don't remember to tell you the truth . Do they give any limits on alcohol Uh-huh .
t_con you know for other kind of cans just to it'd probably only take aluminum cans like that don't they . Yeah -- you know occasionally we have some around Yeah .
# How # do you like Chinese food ? we do enjoy that . # Where's # - Right .
How do you dress for work ? Well about the same I dress for school . Uh-huh . How you dress for work and season to season and everything .
would you advise a private school or a public school t_empty that's like what we were saying though I'm just getting ready to go to lunch  .
are you using windows ? No Uh-huh . you don't have to make a hard copy that way .
What brought you down here ? a teaching job . t_laugh Anyway - You probably know where that is because I know where Pontiac is
Did you see it ? Nope might . Yeah
where do you stay ? My husband always wants to go to Destin t_con they are like I say right on the beach . the place where we stay is at the same place every year
Wha- do you think of that new luxury car tax anything over ten thou- dollars ? Well you know like other things if they don't affect you you don't worry about them too much . t_con I think taxes t_laugh generally are unfair t_con that's the unfairness of the thing
t_con it's for them to believe that somebody else could do the things that have been done ? Yes Do you think a lot of people when they are listening to a trial put themselves in a position like that and say I would never do something like that -- I think juries should be able to recommend sentencing .
Do you have relatives over in Israel ? No I don't know . t_con it's going to be worse .
# That's in the world # or # in America ? # in the country America . # I think # - -- with the H I V virus
That doesn't really do it does it ? t_laugh No t_laugh That is out for me . Yeah t_laugh  .
What weekly magazine do you look at I like U S NEWS and WORLD REPORT . Okay . Well I think my background is probably what absolutely turned me off with SIXTY MINUTES .
Why ? No really ? See I don't like Arby's .
t_con if the economy gets better are you going to get another one I don't know . t_con you know there's not that much time left on the loan That sounds good .
you know where the little bridge is on North Oak Cliff Boulevard ? Yeah Yeah I know exactly where that is .
Where did you go to school ? Clarion University . How interesting . gosh . t_laugh That was the big joke .
When you heard the slogan if you outlaw guns then only out laws will have guns . Uh-huh . Okay . Okay .
have you heard of that ? No Invisible fencing Invisible what ?
What attracts you to the Saturns ? t_con of course we've already talked you know - What do you looking for in those ? Uh-huh .
What do you think about it ? Well I feel in light of some of the accidents and so forth that have happened lately that I think there are some occupations that they should such as the health field the transportation field - t_empty t_empty
well how do you get your name off the junk mailing list ? you do that by - from a busi- - Uh-huh
t_con do you go out an buy a kit like for a bib or something like that . No Do you use patterns t_con it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them .
So how about you ? Yeah . Uh-huh . The most interesting part more than the museums and things like that .
do you think it's a sign of the times that people are starting to say All right we really mean it no more taxes t_laugh t_con maybe this is just my own personal . - I don't know maybe other people - t_con I think it's just starting
I don't know what y'all are paying in Dallas t_con you know it seems like we pay the state - Huh-uh . It seems to say I'll tax them if you can't get enough money instead of trying to figure out how to cut budgets or cut spending or you know get all of the waste out of the spending .
I where are they going to get the money ? They're going to get it from us . t_con y- the government's going to be limited . Every time somebody wants something they always turn to the government .
Well let's see what else can we talk about ? t_laugh  . t_laugh Well how's California today ? t_laugh  . Uh-huh . -- it was just too unhealthy .
t_con have you sang at any weddings yet ? Yeah I was getting ready to fall asleep . t_laugh Right now I was just sitting here watching T V
-- do you ever watch that ? Yeah t_con you know we don't get into that except that sometimes we'll get into their home videos -- -- t_con Sundays we usually have all of our kids are over on Sunday
are you going to see this next one that's coming out ? definitely . now are you much of a STAR TREK fan I've seen PRETTY WOMAN and DANCES WITH WOLVES
HE MAN ? Uh-huh . That has good moral values too . That is a real cute show .
do you use that facility a lot ? a fairly good amount more on the weekends Huh . They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round .
Can I guess your favorite team if you had one might be the Steelers . Yes Well a lot of women are knowl- about football as I am . t_empty
Not like the eagle . Huh ? Not hard rock . Well not hard t_laugh  .
Whereabouts is that ? That's way down towards the south . I'm from Laurel . So what part of Mississippi are you from ?
what happened to Reagan's safety net anyway ? t_empty Yeah people that's on unemployment .
Was your husband naturally a child ha- he been around children t_con I think yu- grow closer . it really does
Why should they be sit- in prison getting their college degree . Well I guess though where I would have a problem with it if I were on the jury that down the death sentence because it was my judgement the person's guilty . # put # them all a shot get rid of them . I like you say yes
Do they ? t_laugh Yes . t_pause It seems almost as though children hate it . Uh-huh .
is that - Yeah Now are we supposed to talk for about five minutes Yeah .
What college are you teaching at ? I'm at one of the Brook- Uh-huh . t_con it's sort of home now .
t_con wasn't that Reagan . There was a woman that was running for vice president for a while . didn't he have a woman Okay
They didn't call you for Mother's Day ? We were gone t_laugh  . Uh-huh . I don't know what the situation is
Well does your the company say you worked for bef- have the right or do they have the ability to say hey we've already drug tested her t_con she came up negative . Right . -- t_con I don't know if I wasn't drug tested based on that or because the man who hired me didn't request the drug test because I know that my company does drug testing on occasion .
Well did we cover it everything Betty t_laugh  ? I think so t_laugh  . Yeah . a lot of changes .
I don't even know who won the pennant last year . Beats me . the teams that were there last year were t_pause see somebody from California t_con I think let's see
Well do you think that should be implemented in the work place . You know as like a manager or supervisor thinks or has suspicion that someone is using drugs t_empty Right . t_con the ones that test positive have to retest after a certain period of time .
Do you smoke ? actually I'm a very one in the evening if that . t_con it's killed several people . Uh-huh .
Do you have a fairly large house ? it's like twenty-four fifty square feet . Yeah . Uh-huh .
Do you see what I mean ? Yeah . there's something going on there and that I would have discernment by the holy spirit to deal with pride over that . that's not normal
So I'm assu- I'm assuming that you know they check they check everything for safety I don't know but any time you sell a car or buy a car it has to be inspected in this state . we don't have a state inspection
is that right ? t_con that helped out a little bit I think . well t_laugh I just got through renting SPACE by James Michener . I hope you know more about it than I do .
to commute to work ? Yes really t_con I'm in the van you know two hours a day
t_con well you have a family right ? Yeah you know anywhere from local area networks metropolitan area networks you know all that Yeah
What changes do you feel have happened ? I guess the first thing has been the right for women to vote . Okay . We're set .
In what field ? Well in information systems . really . So am I .
Where are you calling from Arlington . Okay . Oh .
What about your family . Do your kids and everything like to ? Yes t_laugh  . -- curling iron .
have they started doing that yet ? Yeah . # yeah . # # emissions . # -
the length isn't too long ? No . Uh-huh that is a wonderful movie .
Did they marry ? t_empty he's out for good . Yeah
Is she pretty spry she looks probably like she's in her early sixties -- goodness . she's eighty-six .
What if you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon ? Then it's still equally matched . When you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon things change real quick . I can pull a gun on him now .
t_con do they have the death penalty there ? Yes Yes ma'am . so you said you're from Mississippi ?
Is that it right ? t_laugh  . Right . one year public service for everybody . Okay
Is that all they're going to have to make money you know . Yeah . It just seems so sad to have to only rely on you know college football . Really .
What school system does she teach in ? Plano School System . t_con of course like everyone she has kids that get pregnant even in the seventh grade . t_con for example my wife she has kids that are on drugs
So I don't even know who your favorite team is actually . I'm a Viking fan . Uh-huh . That kind of killed them at the end of the season last year .
Do you listen to like that really heavy metal stuff No -- t_laugh What kind of rock music do you listen to ? -- # I have a lot of # friends that like country music t_laugh  .
You said that you have been to England several times ? Uh-huh . t_con it is great . You know . t_con you always have a fun experience
t_con actually that one the taxes on gasoline don't bug me as much as what are we eight and a quarter percent sales tax ? Yep That's right . -- a few more cents onto the price of gasoline .
All for a thousand dollars ? Uh-huh . I had two internal Uh-huh .
Are you getting a lot of static on your end of the line ? Yes . t_con I wish this phone would stop screeching I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing .
Then you start missing stuff Oh yeah Can I have it back soon maybe . Yeah .
I guess we're going to have a lot of parades this weekend in honor of these guys that are some stuff over in the Gulf . Yeah well here we go t_laugh  . okay
The break ups ? I think that's great . What do you think's going to happen there . t_con how about the Soviet Union .
So do you fish ? yeah . t_empty t_empty
t_con for criminal suits it's unanimous by federal law ? I don't know if it's even true that it's always unanimous because I thought there were cases where it was okay for a state to have it like eleven out of twelve . I believe that's a for civil suits it's not unanimous right actually I agree that t_laugh that's an interesting thing .
Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right t_laugh  . Is that what I- - Well what's your favorite baseball team Rita ? t_empty
# Well # how do you get the edge though ? How do you get the edge ? -- you know where you have got that textured stuff that they have special rollers that are real soft and furry # that you paint that with . # Uh-huh .
so did they get stuck ? No Yeah they decided that that was enough camping for the weekend .
have you seen PRETTY WOMAN ? Yes . t_con it was an interesting movie . Uh-huh .
What do you - back to the topic I love the mountains the mountains .
Are you enjoying it ? well it's a lot of work t_laugh  . N C State . What school are you going to ?
Well from your point of view how would you feel about actually sending someone that you know means something to you to one of those homes . I realize that you indicated you wanted to check out as much as you can about it -- -- and made sure that they were cared for Yeah .
Do you get spooked you feel t_con do you get butterflies in your stomach when you go there ? you think wow there is where they did sacrifices to false Gods . t_con it was kind of weird you know
# They're not # quite elderly t_laugh  . No . You know my parents are not quite at that age yet I haven't been in this situation yet t_laugh  .
what do you think of this no excuse absentee balloting ? No excuse . Of course I think that's an excellent idea because then people really have to think about it .
You get tired of them ? Well I live in an apartment building How come you don't have any now ? t_con none right now .
t_con where is that ? it's on Campbell . Really . t_con it's very nice .
Why not ? t_empty They don't want a lottery . They could have had a lottery .
how old is your child ? Five  . I think so too . I think they would socialize easier .
You mean they don't have the smog alerts ? No t_con of course they don't have that here in Texas -- they'd have their smog alerts and where you'd have to stay indoors for so many hours with an air conditioner .
What is that ? Well they give an English translation on a screen up above the stage . t_con you know the Dallas opera now has super titles on all their performances I think . Oh .
Do you feel that it has improved the way you feel ? Definitely . Uh-huh . My husband has been one for just over a year now .
Well how do you feel about spot test- for drugs ? Well basically I think it would be a good idea myself . t_empty t_empty
do you like that ? Yes . is that - I haven't watched that very much
if you're going to use credit cards you need to use that policy I think don't you ?  . t_laugh Yeah . the interest rate is so high that you're really - Right .
I guess this is your first time to buy American Yeah t_laugh Well what are your - That's the way it goes I guess .
You know what causes that ? greed I suspect . well the other thing I think we seriously need to do is like I say have someone go in and look and find out where it is we're paying ten thousand dollars per toilet seat or something . Well that's a good idea .
t_con where have you been on these cruises ? Nassau San Juan Saint Thomas . Uh-huh . t_con that's quite fun .
we have those kind of dreams too don't we ? Yeah . t_laugh Yeah maybe someday t_laugh  .
 . So where was your last vacation ? t_laugh  . actually my last vacation was in Connecticut . t_empty t_empty
Well did that come on T V t_con did it come out in the - yeah . Yeah
you don't have a T V . So are you really from Texas though ? let's see t_laugh we're supposed to talk about television
t_con the school allows that ? Well he stays with me -- Uh-huh . He stays at school ?
what type of exercise do you do ? I do walking on the treadmill Okay I'd say more on than off t_laugh  .
who didn't ? Isn't that sad ? Yeah I watched a lot of T V when the war was on .
Are you married or  . . . - Yeah t_con I have one son who's almost sixteen months old . I'm from Maryland
Is the crime rate still bad ? Definitely . t_con there sure are a lot of people that work down there . Yeah
how do you manage both of those ? how do we take care of the house . he's working and working to get this big house to take care of - t_con you got -
do you get a news magazine well I'm not getting an- - what's your favorite news Yeah
So anyway . Do you have children ? No Exactly . generation .
t_con what did we do . We lost lives # we # went in # No . #
How many music boxes do you have ? Probably o- twenty . That's interesting . that is .
what is that called ? The Judeo-Christian ethic . There's a real name for that like the Judean law or something like that . I'd forgotten what that's called .
what are you going to do ? Uh-huh . the guy's gouging your eyes out I really appreciated the whole English class where the fellow just wouldn't do it you know
Is it Anthony Perkins or Anthony Hopkins ? Hopkins I agree with you . -- you know Jody Foster was good too but I think Anthony Perkins was the one that really made the movie
The deposits only on like drink stuff . Right . They refund the deposit which is anywhere from five to fifteen cents a container t_con they recycle the containers .
have you ever been to Houston ? yeah . it's going to look like - they're not doing anything about -
you aren't in the mountains or anything like that are you ? No Uh-huh . we're our share of tornados .
Are you at work ? Yes Yes . This is a real first t_laugh  .
what is their location is it Asian t_con where are they Nissan .
do you ? t_empty Now since we've been married we just go real often to Colorado to the mountains Well we only did that once .
Did you have a nanny # Yeah . # Yeah . # # Yeah .
t_con don't you think that long term that's been a big boost for the United Nations . yeah . t_con you can't just do this . t_con the nations will combine against you
Do you like it ? Yeah t_con I've only been in Texas three years . uh-huh .
t_con should we go ahead and keep exploring t_con should we call a halt to it what do you think of our space budget Okay Howard
How about GHOST ? We saw an we liked it Yeah I thought it was very well done .
What did you grow ? Well I had tomatoes and peppers -- t_con it's a little piece of land over there t_laugh  . So do ours
Do you ever had to put your children in # child care Mary Dell ? # # yes . Okay . t_empty
# t_con was she from # - # What was that ? # was she from your part of the country ? I think of the young girl in Florida who -
# Why ? # -- I did have th- personal discipline . # t_con you know # for some young men that's good . They don't need to be out there and you know constantly flaunting their ego to get things accomplished .
Okay . Well what do you think about the government providing health insurance for everybody ? I think they should . t_empty t_empty
right . there . Like apple pie in America t_con she said that she and her husband had traveled in Spain a couple years ago .
Was it hot ? No We rented a car and drove pretty much everywhere . We do a lot of traveling around .
Well how does this grab you ? I'm a lady t_con it's staggering . Well they did a thing on the thirty-five billion dollars we waste every year just on storing stuff for the military we don't need .
Have you had any experience with it at all ? not really Right . okay .
What sort of benefits would you like to get from a big company . Well since I'm kind of on the older side you know I just feel like when I start talking about benefits I talk about medical benefits  . What's your feeling about benefits ? t_con maybe that's probably the toughest thing in the whole world to do .
Well do you live you in a house or a place where you - Yes t_con we gave him up and tried . Anyway it was up being just a huge dog that ate us out of house and home .
How they're going get out of their latest scrape . Yeah Right . Right .
t_con this is a club t_con do you belong to a group ? The minimum they want you to do is three times a week . okay .
Now did you say you could knit ? No . -- do so many of the old things that aren't in vogue right now that people just don't know how to do . Uh-huh .
# t_laugh As an # extreme example right ? Yeah Yeah . You know if someone were studying something take something obscure . Somebody was studying economics the State Department could offer to send them to the Soviet Union for two years to teach them how to run their country .
do you have  . - Are you there ? Okay t_empty
You haven't ? Huh-uh . I never have . No
Do you live in Dallas ? Yeah Uh-huh . A little more take home here  .
Do you have children of your own ? no Uh-huh . I guess our topic is advice about going to college .
t_con she got credits for it ? Uh-huh . she only taught there one year Yeah
do you work in private corporation or government ? I did work in government . That's true . That's true .
t_con where are you from ? Clarion County . Uh-huh . the South Hills area Beaver County well originally Beaver County  .
where is that at ? north building . the computer science center . Wh- group do you work in in T I ?
Well lots right ? Right t_laugh  . Yes . I guess we're supposed to talk about what's being done about recycling .
What about yourself ? t_empty t_con it's kind of a tough issue . I'm not a great fan of government control in general
Is it registered ? Yeah . Yeah . the one gun that was in my name .
t_con well do you think Atlanta's as bad as most other cities ? I'd say it's probably in the top ten in terms of crime . that's probably true . Yeah
t_laugh Well did you see FATAL ATTRACTION ? Yeah sorry . You just can't go out the front door honey
Do you have it right on the top of you head ? t_laugh  . no # Uh-huh . # # uh-huh . #
What other shows do you like ? t_empty okay . I don't even know to tell you the truth t_laugh  .
Is this going to be your first ? Yes . it does . Yeah
t_con this person's teaching my children ? Uh-huh . Yeah . and words spelled wrong not marked as such .
they're still doing it then Yeah yeah they're on every day .
t_con the show where she lost all of that fat ? Yeah # Was it ? # It's pretty cool
Well anything else about exercise we can talk about . Well other than I need to go . Yeah t_laugh  . t_con it matches one if I have one on the other side .
Are you the Expressway sites ? I am Great . Lisa .
What changes do you think have taken place in the last generation ? I guess the biggest one is number of women in the work force . All right . t_empty
Did you like it ? Yes . It's Highland Park Village . Right .
by Fort Sill there ? no yeah . Yeah
you didn't go out and charge a whole bunch and lose everything did you ? t_laugh no well it didn't hurt you did it to - Yeah
What do you do ? -- I'm a doctoral student at the University of Central Florida . # Yeah . # Fantastic . # # --
Did you have a favorite hors d'oeuvre recipe that's easy t_con is it always complicat- Yeah . t_laugh I'll bet .
Have you ever done this before ? Yes . definitely . Well so it sounds like you keep your pets for pleasure .
t_con do you fillet them out how # do you - t_laugh Well t_con do you just skin your catfish You know t_laugh  .
what do you do ? I'm a nurse . yeah . Yeah
I guess that's a good question ? well I'm not a serious golfer at all How do you feel about your game ? t_con I don't know .
t_con what what kind of books do you read ? just really different ones . yeah . just sometimes .
Do you live in the District ? No Right . you know it's at home I can do some of my reading
Now what's that ? t_empty t_con that was on T V . I'm reading THE LION AND THE WIND right now .
were they far away were they close ? Did you - Uh-huh .
t_con they never agree . Doesn't it just have to go back and do a whole new trial no Yeah .
Well how was Europe ? economy . I bought a doll everywhere we went t_laugh t_con I did that when I went to Europe one summer .
t_con do they use prisoners ? both . do they use highway people What do they do in Maryland
t_con do you all go ahead They don't even know that paper comes from trees now yeah . Right
Are bases safe you know ? Bases are pretty safe because they check your I D on your way in . that's inter- concept . t_con there is a base up here .
they finished pretty close to five hundred last year didn't they ? Yeah Well Kim didn't the Cowboys even finish - this is the way it is .
so well what kind of vacations do you like ? Well I haven't been to many places Right we're supposed to talk about vacations .
so you watch DAVID LETTERMAN ? Yeah . Okay t_empty
t_laugh That's your full time hobby right ? Takes a lot of time That's babies . You heard her in the background t_laugh  .
you know what kind of a structure is it going to be . Uh-huh . -- child development . Uh-huh
It's all pretty good isn't it ? yes -- of Hispanic heritage . Right .
I just have it pay somebody to get into the buildings ? That's right . okay it's a good town to wander in .
Now did you see DRIVING MISS DAISY ? Yeah it's really good . that one is definitely worth seeing
Have you been backpacking anyplace exciting ? t_empty that's a great thing to do you know really . -- t_con we've done a fair amount of that in our spare time also t_laugh  .
Wh- the old country music like ? like Hank Williams . Uh-huh . you know what I mean ?
are you reading the papers about the Middle East summit ? some . When do you - All right Carolyn
How about MISTER ROGERS is he still around ? Yeah . t_con SESAME STREET is still really good .
shall I go ahead and push one ? Yeah t_laugh Okay there's plenty of things to talk about there .
What do you read ? Well I'm a Tom Clancy fan . I thoroughly enjoyed that . wonderful .
That must be nice atmosphere then . t_laugh Well it has been . Wow . Uh most of the engineers and technical people are just very casual almost the same clothes that that you'd wear to school .
Have you ever served on a jury before ? I have twice . Uh-huh . I guess maybe one drawback of it is that if you have one juror who is very unreasonable in some way that you would have a problem you know that you wouldn't convict someone who maybe should be convicted .
Why t_laugh we need to replace it ? t_empty t_con it all looks still pretty good to me . t_con th- terrible part about it . I've looked at it all
what sort of camping do you like to do the most ? well I do real rough type camping . t_empty t_empty
Have you ever had any injuries from jogging ? No t_con I really don't ever keep a program up consistently . t_con it's terribly boring
would you tend to chose the one that does I'm not as good about searching something out like that -- Do you tend to buy more recycled items that if something the pack says recycled and something else doesn't ? Uh-huh .
t_con what would you do what ? Every Sunday night . Uh-huh .
# Now # have you ever been to a professional football game ? Yeah t_con it can get really # overdone . # Uh-huh .
t_con do they have a standing ball or a machine or what ? t_empty t_con in his league do they have like a pitcher Okay
Oh that's that's different isn't it ?  . but it was right at - It didn't stay there
Do you do any other crafts or anything besides your sewing ? Well not really right now . Yeah . Right .
well how do you dress for work ? t_empty wonderful -- t_con you reached me at my job .
what are you making ? I making some - really Well I love to cook as a matter of fact I'm making dinner right now t_laugh  .
Steak . - Yeah I can't remember his name . It's over there in Addison .
t_con you know how much you're going to drive every week ? Well I used to know fairly close to exactly how many miles I drove because I nine tenths of a mile from work . sir . Yes
t_con what do you do with it ? Not a thing t_laugh  . human factors . t_con what are you getting your degree in ?
t_laugh Do you have a lot of property now in Denton ? it's a third of an acre . t_con you're just as likely to fl- wake up and discover you're in two inches of water . Oh .
what should I do ? t_con anyway I guess that's about it though . t_con I'll go nothing t_laugh What do you do in your garden
Well they haven't just lost one game this year ? I think two . I think they're doing pretty well this year though . We expected it to continue forever .
do you have children ? Yes Had to mess with my phone here . Okay .
what's that about ? That was about a Interior Minister particularly enjoy I don't know whether you've had a chance to watch it on P B S but the series YES MINISTER ? Yeah .
what's that ? Well it's an Italian needlework using the - t_con I got into the Bargello . I did some needlepoint years ago
Do they have a policy where they counsel people if they come back positive t_con do they fire them right away . Yeah . really .
t_con how do they afford to even have the kids Uh-huh . t_con I always give her a hard time who's toothbrush did you really use this morning t_laugh  . t_con there's ten tooth brushes in there .
Did you ever see the original one ? I didn't . Is that right ? I hear this movie F X part two coming out is pretty good .
Do you have kids ? Do I have kids ? That is probably very fortunate for you . t_con we don't have any fast foods here in this small city t_laugh  .
t_con you just moved away a year ago ? in August . Uh-huh . But no big mountains or anything .
What do you do there ? Well I'm not actually on the teaching faculty t_laugh Right . -- I don't know who looks forward to it more the students or t_laugh the teachers and the staff .
Yo- know what I mean ? Right . Right . I don't think that they could be objective in every case every time .
do you read the WALL STREET JOURNAL ? No t_con I bet in your job that you have to t_con yeah you have to stay up on stuff
Well have you sold any of your furniture t_empty Uh-huh . that is it easier doesn't it ?
What more could you ask for ? That's right So that's perfect . Uh-huh .
t_con what's it going to cost us in the long run there in Saudi ? Are we going to lose more lives there ? that's true . that's true .
t_con what kinds of things did you experience in L A when you were there ? t_con can you remember ? t_con I don't know . t_con other days it's just really bad
So what are your thoughts on dining out ? Well I really choose restaurants more for the quality of food than anything else . Right t_laugh  . I think that's pleasurable for all of us t_laugh if we choose the right restaurant t_laugh  .
t_con do you guys have fishing competitions while you are there ? Yeah That is what happens t_laugh  . Yeah .
What do you think is your primary cause of it . Well I think it's industry uh-huh . Uh-huh
t_con I guess up there you all don't have too long of a growing season do you ? t_empty see I was raised in New York So do you have the long -
t_con did you used to ski when you were out here ? What's that ? That makes a big difference . that's true .
You always have leather interiors on your Cadillacs ? all three of mine have had leather interiors As a matter of fact they had more trunk space than my Sedan De Ville had . They had a lot more trunk space .
do you have more than one vehicle in your fleet ? do you have a family fleet That's true . t_con I don't have to buy one too often .
# Where ? # # I'm # a news reporter . I can move up t_con I'll move off
Are there any theories on why this is happening ? I would say the majority of it's happening during the day between probably ten in the morning and three in the afternoon . t_con it still remains city wide pretty high . t_con it just shifts it from our neighborhood to another neighborhood to other neighborhood
what do you feel about come of the things that need to - Damn it I agree with everything you've said . Uh-huh . -- trying to come with a trade off of the costs .
now we're supposed to talk about music ? Right . Okay Okay .
Lots of little funny spots yeah t_con on the whole it was pretty similar . And a lot of fun . there were a few things different than the old series
what kind o gra- do you grow up there ? Do you grow Bermuda or - Well do you all have a - We're ha- today .
You serve it cold ? Uh-huh . yeah . t_con it tastes really good because it's cool in the summertime .
do you watch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE at all ? I try to . that makes me think they do have a good writers for that .
How about you ? Well I do little aerobics three or four times a week uh-huh . Uh-huh
So you're probably a Baltimore fan right an Oriole fan ? actually I'm a Red Sox fan more than anything . t_con I was mostly interested in the baseball stuff . the other stuff is interesting
# Well how much is an Oriole game ? Oriole game ? t_con it's # just great . # t_con you know the hot dogs are a dollar
t_con there's some interesting problems of how d- you challenge the kids today . t_con I have some real hang-ups . I have a son who's graduating in May t_con education in public schools .
maybe you could tell me what is the difference between office paper waste and just like newspapers ? Well I guess I don't know specifically except that for the paper that they want to recycle they do not want any newspaper and things like candy wrappers or that type of thing . They can't deal with every type . t_con one of those is designed for any kind of paper products that they want to use you know for recycling .
Has Herschel Walker done much for them ? No Yeah . t_con they haven't been doing too hot
he does ? Yes . He plays t_laugh on MURPHY BROWN . I don't know who that guy is .
t_con is it - we're in a relatively new area . Do you have a lot of shade trees around your house most of the kind of plants just barely staying alive let alone make flowers .
t_con the cat doesn't destruct does it ? See it doesn't do anything . -- just for the cat . Oh .
Ye- everybody does right . Yeah yeah . I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis
So how do you feel about the crime in your city ? # Well # Minneapolis isn't too bad . t_empty t_empty
You know all that junk mail you get ? t_laugh yes Yes . -- I have another recycling method I use .
Seventies and like that # stuff . # -- # Se- # seventies -- I'm more into older rock like the psychedelic era like -- - No
Kind of strange to you all Yeah . We usually only get like once a year or so . We haven't had snow yet .
t_con are you ready ? I'm ready . -- and just talk for five minutes . Right t_laugh  .
What kind of singing do you like to do ? pretty much anything . Uh-huh . not right now .
You want to go ahead and start ?  . I was hoping that you would Okay  . sure .
Is it many other corporations in the area ? I saw Seven Eleven that was hiring . yes  . are you in the defense ?
How far can you go with that one Yeah . Gee whiz It was what meal would you cook for special dinner t_laugh  .
Do you have major medical benefits ? Right yeah Uh-huh . my health insurance only covers the emergency care .
Do you buy them separately at you know an American grocery store now t_con do you have to - t_con you know you put all these different meats which take different times . You know like you have to prepare the fire and then put the sausages on
Well that must be helpful . t_empty t_con I have the ability to listen to them and then translate that into something that nonengineers can understand . Uh-huh .
East or west I'm from Pittsburgh . are you really ? you are ? Pennsylvania .
Did you catch your explanation of that ? Yes I guess we are just to discuss trials and punishment . If it's to be given by the judge or not . t_empty
t_laugh They must really like it there . Yeah Nobody moves away except us t_laugh  . my gosh .
Do you have a set amount that you spend each month # Yes . # Uh-huh . All the money is turned over to me .
Do you drive there t_con do you take the ferry or what ? Toronto I want to go see . Yeah .
t_con I guess the issue is beside the newspaper do you take any news magazines ? Well we don't take like TIME or NEWSWEEK or anything like that t_con by the time I got home and had time to read some - t_con we found we couldn't read enough of it
What are your favorite shows ? Well t_laugh I get enough time to watch much T V t_empty t_empty
Uh-huh . Do you ski ? Do you go to school ? t_con you have not been to Europe .
How about you ? Well so far my wife and I have pretty much had to stick with tent camping . Yeah . Yeah like to go visit the national parks and state parks and just get out and see nature .
What the deal we take it on walks now you know -- That is really sad . t_con I think we're buying a carpet t_laugh shampooer this weekend t_laugh  .
Is that just family's lack of priority anymore maybe yes - it's dwindling down every year My mother was complaining last year about th- you know -
like I you know - Sure t_con it always made me feel a little bit you know a loner Uh-huh .
at some point what can you do to sort of raise rev- jobs I wonder . Well I hesitate to say we ought to spend ourselves to affluence That's a real neat idea . t_con you're right .
So . How long you been with them since you moved down here ? About eight years Yeah . I'm in semiconductor division too .
t_con to me how can you make a decision if you don't have all of the evidence in front of whether it be to the case or not somebody thinks it had because they've got it there . t_con often juries hear only a fraction of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence . t_con I don't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards
Why is it happening ? Well most families are young t_con why ? Uh-huh .
You just needed a majority ? Right . t_con since it was a civil case it really didn't matter right ? -- t_con it then became unanimous .
Y'all weren't getting any of the strings of the tornadoes and stuff were you ? we've had a few down here but not anything like Kansas . We had a pretty rainy Fall last year as well . Uh-huh .
how does he do serious . He's good it was very serious - No
What kind of work are you in ? I work at Sears . Right . Because all the jobs that I've applied for have mentioned some type of drug screening .
where does she live ? on Rutherford . Okay t_empty
Did you ever see that ? No my favorite movie of all time has been THE MISSION . Uh-huh .
I don't know if you've ever been to Washington D C . Yes Not all t_con we really wouldn't feel it in our services t_laugh  .
# You know how can you help # depending on the day care center you know Yeah . Uh-huh . -- I just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less .
Well how do we accom- get that ? Well we're starting pilot schools . I know when you get the kids that have gone the summer being out of school then it's like they've lost so much ground we spend at least the first six weeks just backing up reteaching what they had the year before . You know . I think it would be better for the teachers and for the children because we would do away with so much of the burn-out that we have .
The C N N is that what that is ? No They were having news coverage Uh-huh .
Have you seen THE FISHER KING ? No he worked hard at it . They just -
Is that correct ? t_empty t_con it had come through quite a few rain clouds apparently . t_con this was really large .
what kind of house do you live in ? we live in a one story just like a style home you know the standard Texas Fox and Jacobs . t_empty t_empty
where are you calling from ? Sherman Texas . # back # when like the Pistons were in them # Yeah . #
Do you do it every day ? I try to every day . yeah . really ?
Do you have department store credit cards too yeah Yeah . Mastercard .
what do you think of our space budget t_con should we go ahead and keep exploring Okay Howard t_empty
Can you think of anything that could be done to make our news media more accurate and objective ? I think they need to do a little bit more depth before they would just report like somebody wants to make a statement or something like that t_con you know it's not always I think one hundred percent reliable . they get what they hear from -
Do you have one of those straightedge things to put underneath when you're doing the baseboards ? Yeah Uh-huh . t_con they match and all those kinds of things .
So ha- you been using well anyway . - What . t_con I've heard some stuff about them . Yeah
Well do you think that's good or bad ? I think it's great . -- and jobs . - Uh-huh .
how do you feel about the death penalty ? until recently I've been sort of - Uh-huh . the judge felt that he was incompetent .
# Do you ? # # They've had # some great games in the past . I kind of like the Cowboys too . Well I can understand that .
That's it ? Yeah . it's no big deal . to add dependents is you know maybe another dollar or something
You don't have cable now I was going to say they have a comedy channel now . get that come- . - I enjoy that
t_con do you - No Do you cook for a hobby I guess you could consider that a hobby .
did you use it at the car shop place . Well it's before they had that . Okay t_con I was going through that T I fleet discount program .
Does she have to pay to have it refinanced ? t_empty t_con she's doing it . Uh-huh .
Well as it got some Academy Awards didn't it . yes The acting was phenomenal . t_con it really was a fantastic movie .
t_con do you think that the trend is going more towards single parenting ? the divorce rate keeps hovering around fifty percent or so do- you think there's going to be still a family unit About ?
Is it pretty good coverage on there ? Yeah -- tends to get like HEADLINE NEWS if you listen to it for an hour  . Yeah .
t_con interest is like eighteen or something . yeah Well now that's the card see . t_con what's the interest ?
So do you like movies a lot ? See I don't do - Right . it would have made you know these Fellini movies look normal .
# Why ? # say a person using vitamins as opposed to vitamin supplements as opposed to eating regular food . Uh-huh . -- all of the broccoli .
Would you be against any deficit spending ? I think to bring it in line you are going to have to have a generation that's going to really bite the bullet to bring it in line . t_con you talk about jeopardizing the future . -- you're jeopardizing the future of the country for today .
What kind of cat is it ? I got him - He is eighteen pounds . t_con he is huge .
what are we going to do with all the soldiers over there ? Yeah . Well that's what they're saying the whole problem you know with if we were to demilitarize Europe t_con somebody's got to pay for their -
t_con does your sister live in a big community ? yeah Yeah . t_con I don't envy anybody who's in that t_laugh situation to find day care .
so had you been with T I long when you changed ? Five years . if I don't like it I'll go someplace else do something different . I'll take a chance
Were they jogging on a - no he was strangling some of them . Well well how was he killing the women .
Do you have any credit union where you work or anything like that ? Yeah I think that would be interesting . I would be very some numbers on that .
what could they possibly be thinking . It's for drug use . t_con a student with a beeper immediately gets sent down to the principal . Uh-huh .
what do you believe in they don't take any stands on anything . well what do you believe in I know for a fact that the kind of stuff that if you wrote and asked for material -
Where do you think this is going in the future do you think things are going to change that's a good deal . Yeah
I don't know your age Judy t_empty What changes t_laugh So so what changes have you seen ? t_laugh  .
Wow they've got the best record now ? I think they do as a matter of fact . t_con I think the Bulls won by two . at the end
What's wrong with that ? I don't see a thing wrong with that . You know t_laugh if you kill you lose your life . yeah .
what kind of shoes do they wear down there ? Well we wear - Yeah I guess this is what you call a natural end t_laugh  .
t_con have you got land ? No they're doing some back pedaling . It wasn't such a bad idea ?
t_con I don't know how familiar you are with Texas t_empty t_con I'm down in the central Uh-huh .
You say you retired a year ago ? Yes I promise t_laugh  . t_laugh Okay
# You know Karen I wonder if # we are recording . Why Maybe it is now that we have # minorities included in the #  . . . - Well with the minorities t_con we are saying we have lower voter turnout .
# t_con you know # who I mean ? Yeah # I don't know  . # I forget her name now .
Will a shot be an ounce ? I don't know . t_con what will a shot be ? t_con when you go to order a drink you know . say they  . . . -
for a hobby or for - Uh-huh what do you do t_con I really love it .
Was it not washable paint ? Well it is a latex paint I don't know if it was just the . - Yeah
did you ever hear of the National Bureau of Standards ? Yeah . t_con t_con he works for the - Uh-huh .
Did you play a strong role in helping them pick schools t_empty t_con people should be advised to look for those -- t_con there's plenty of scholarships out there
our topic today ? yeah t_empty t_empty
what kind of hobbies do you have ? I do a lot of cross-stitching and painting when I do have spare time . t_empty t_empty
t_con have you had any major repairs recently ? Well on this car I've got now no Uh-huh . in my car and let someone else check the oil even .
Bobby Parker and - I don't think I have seen that one . Parker Machine Tool down there . t_con that is where Davis Iron Works is .
What is she ? She's a poodle . I beg your pardon ? In fact she just turned sixteen years old New Year's Eve .
# t_con they have packages # where they just offer the exercise program . Is that what you're saying ? # It worked out well . # t_con I went through it .
Well do you know anything about the expansion teams they're thinking about bringing in ? To tell you the truth I haven't paid too much attention to that . t_con I've actually pl- attention to them . Yeah .
What are your feelings on it ? Well I think that we probably are paying a little too much tax considering what we're getting for it and how it's being managed and so forth . Or that accomplish what they set out to com- Yeah .
Where you from ? # Not from Texas . # # I'll be darned . # t_con I don't know # you know
Kathy ? Uh-huh . t_empty t_empty
Well do you really like Italian food ? It- not my favorite Yeah . is that good ?
Well what other long range goals do you have besides college ? well I think either my wife or I would like to pursue advanced degrees at some point -- we could talk about some of the long range goals -- you know
Carolyn Rash ? Pardon me ? I see . husband works for Penney's there .
Like the deal ? What ? t_con they were showing this like Three D g- view of like - Uh-huh .
You know t_con have you ever been to any of them concerts that you like ? # # yeah I don't even really know who she is you know t_laugh  . huh-uh .
# Any # particular reason ?  . Well no . t_con I've never watch T V news nor listen to the news on the radio unless I'm just happening to be listening to music and they slip it on in the car radio before I can turn it off . t_con I never read a newspaper in my entire life
Have you been living there very long ? I've been in the house It is . I think it's pretty much typical for this area .
Well how do you feel about women in armed services ? Well I think they ought to have the right . t_con the people . - Yeah .
Do you enjoy that one ? it was interesting yes . on likewise then did you see PRETTY WOMAN ?
How long does it keep you wouldn't # have to make # - t_con it keeps in the refrigerator . t_con it's real good .
Well how about you are you an exercise fanatic ? No . t_empty t_empty
t_con if you're out like in a department store and there's a sale you're just real careful not to let your urges get hold of you ? Yes . t_con you know you never could afford anything although we could afford everything if he wanted to . very Scotch
# Well why ? # # Shrubbery that # were guaranteed Have you taken anything back lately that you've bought ? Hi .
Do you have lots of credit cards t_laugh  ? Yeah Hi . Okay .
And you ? Yeah yeah . t_con everyone is spread out all over Timbuktu .
t_con you used a handsaw or a #backsaw ?# #Well it# said use a coping saw so you can steady it #Yeah#
t_con you know what you can do ? Huh ? t_con it would get kind of expensive . t_con they couldn't put everybody up .
t_con you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system  . Uh-huh . that is a pretty good deterrent in itself Yeah .
you're from the Dallas area right ? Uh-huh . Okay t_con they would level entire areas .
You were waiting for what again ? he called in to get somebody on the line Yeah . I've been sitting here alternately reading and watching television t_laugh  .
I beginning to wonder is where do you get gas at . I don't know if it's still limited like it was I don't know exactly why . the diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status .
is that NIGHT - No t_con NIGHT STAND Me too t_laugh  .
So what are your favorite shows ? t_empty Okay . t_empty
Do those can crushers work good ? Yeah -- t_con every time we drink a Coke or whatever we crush the can and just drop it into the bucket . Uh-huh .
You don't think of it that way do you # t_laugh  . # # No . # yeah . Yeah
Now what keeps you doing that . I sometimes start little modest efforts -- in the morning . Yeah .
What part of the country ? Well I live in Richardson right now . # Which is just # - Where abouts do you live ? Yeah .
# Did # they test you at work too ? No t_con one of those things where we went through a kind of an identical process . t_con we both had to go through drug testing at the same time .
If you had to pick one what would you choose ? I would probably go with - t_con t_laugh I'm kind of in a different category here . I'm from Chicago
What is the Woodward book you are referring to ? Well it just came out I guess yesterday . It got over so fast Huh-uh .
t_con do it talk shows . No so you like to listen to a lot of music That's okay .
Being down there do you get to see like the colonial or any of those ? I guess I could . t_laugh  . t_con you think my goodness why did I think I was doing better t_laugh  . Uh-huh
t_con the handicapped group is getting the the money t_con distributing the funds back to you . you're giving these products to the handicapped group So did they -
I guess you've gone that way maybe . No . Well what about in New York . That's so awful .
Around Christmas time ? no -- I'm kind of looking forward to that one . Wow .
t_con you have a shop ? Well it is not anything elaborate . Oh . Well essentially anything you find in a house . a stove or oven or a broken piece of porcelain or chipped tile on the floor . just anything .
What did you do put it together ? Yeah it's very very generic . Yeah
what are you doing ? Do you have a family ? so I'm going to leave you alone . all right
t_laugh Did he raise him or something ? He's bought the cat for him t_con if anybody reaches over to pet him or whatever he'll just kind of look at them like what are doing . You know when he is in the house he will come up and he'll jump on his lap
Is it affordable ? It's a situation that because I didn't have any insurance and I was on unemployment it was paid by the county . it's not free No
it was last year wasn't it . Yeah something like that Yeah
I guess you work for T I . That's right yes . Yeah . Absolutely .
if you write a bad check you go to jail right . t_laugh Yeah . Yeah . and let all the normal people go --
did you see the advertisements where they talked about nuclear war what that would have been like in changing the atmosphere it is so scary that I hope that every one of the government officials saw that because it was just total disaster you know . t_con I cannot remember what station it was I was watching C N N
t_con how much is yours ? When we bought ours we were paying tw- three hundred twenty-nine dollars . Okay t_con it's quieter than you remember mobile homes to be .
Well you have to in Pennsylvania boy you have to really have your car winterized and stuff Uh-huh . It's not worth it .
t_con did they have some pretty good special effects ? excellent excellent special effects . that's amazing . Yeah
what do you think of the L A Raiders used to the Oakland ? - Yeah . t_con a lot of them don't unfortunately .
wha- part of town . In Denison . Okay t_con where do you live at - okay .
< # yes . # Yes . Really ?
what did you get ? t_empty Just within the last three weeks . Just bought one .
t_con Bush has already given his t_laugh opinion on it right ? Yes . It's done democratically they don't
um did you do through a public school system or private ? Yeah Yeah So it's interesting that you chose that topic t_laugh  .
t_con how do you keep track of where you are in your monthly spending ? Well the thing is that I ba- know how much I have right ? t_con you got to make - Uh-huh .
what was that ?  . It's a baked bean recipe . is that right t_con I got a real good one from a doctor's office one time .
You know ? I said yes . there was one question do you like your mother ? t_con I was just offended by some of the questions I guess .
t_con they wonder how the ancestors of this warlike tribe if they were offended by the film - I see . t_con that was so wonderful that they done that t_con they made a big deal about how this film was such a big leap for the people who were the ancestors of the Indian tribe
How about you ? Well probably the last thing I did was paint and wallpaper kids room -- All worked out all right t_con I felt pretty fortunate about that .
How are you ? You want to go ahead and start talking about whether you budget # t_laugh  ? # Okay t_laugh  . t_empty
t_laugh Is that what happens up there a lot ? th- mostly what I hear though is people getting ripped off and things getting stolen . Such as New York City t_laugh  ? Oh boy probably robberies people stealing from each other .
do you feel comfortable with them coming home after school until you and your wife get home Absolutely not . Well are your children now - t_con it stays low a lot t_laugh  .
do your cucumbers come good ? yeah . Uh-huh t_con we plant cucumbers
do you have two children ? I have two . Uh-huh . # t_con you know # if they're going to be in daycare then they need to have some activities other than just being there .
Did you get your catalog on your gifts ? No . Nice to talk to you too Jim . Well I've enjoyed speaking with you .
I wonder if she's written anything really recently if she's got anything printed Yeah Yeah . You know how that is
Where do you wo- I live in Arlington . Really . I think your voice sounds familiar .
What else t_empty t_con that's gon- to be expected . once in a while you'll have a mound pop up
Do you remember when you were in Washington Sam the Argentine baker ? no . t_con that's about it . Uh-huh .
h- do the trends in families t_empty What was it t_con the second question
can you # t_con parents frequently resent when you ask them . Is there a problem that we should be # aware of ? # # Yeah t_con you have to find out whether there's a legitimate reason t_laugh or whether this is a # warning signal . #
# You mean the crimes # or the punishment should fit the crime ? Right . t_con I think that there should be some preset penalties in criminal cases . Rather than degrees of # sentencing . # maybe I'm a hard liner
do you know ? t_empty How big is the Ukraine the area I have heard about that the last couple of days .
you know what I mean ? I agree with both of those things -- stay in their current job Uh-huh .
Well did you get a chance to watch any of the games ? no t_empty t_empty
Well now do you find that security is very good in town home ? I would say so for the majority in little section of the neighborhood because there is always somebody at home -- it's pretty bad t_laugh  . Well yeah
How about yourself . Well that's a hard question to answer because I do physical things but I don't always set out for them to be exercise . Right . t_con it's along the lines
I'm not sure where you're from . Minnesota # Wisconsin . # I'm from Mississippi I know a lot of it here in my state -
How is T I in that mode ? Well very well Right . that's a good word for it
How many do you think are in there for pub- - t_con they want to be a service to us t_con that would be a next question to ask . Right .
# you can # actually rent those ? Yeah . t_con # it's big . # t_con it's on wheels
What is child care like in New York ? I do not really know Uh-huh . I have some friends that have children not that many actually .
# How about # the kids . How are they coping with it ? t_con there's just a whole lot of testing and a whole lot of pushing to do well on these # tests . # -- t_con if you read national surveys they're far from it .
Where did you go to college ? I went to the Naval Academy . Uh-huh . I used to go there when I was in college .
Would that be so bad ? Was there anything there to begin with ? t_con there is not going to be anything left of Iraq at all  . t_con it's almost like they're killing each other off
Isn't it less ? Yeah Yeah . that's forty degrees .
what kind of music do you like ? several years ago a radio broke in my car -- Okay t_empty
how was it ? It was great . t_con I got chicken marinara the last two times . Right
you're giving these products to the handicapped group t_con the handicapped group is getting the the money So did they - t_con then again it's the initiative of the individual person because there is no coordinated pick up by the city .
Well what things do you consider when you buy a car ? the gas mileage for one thing She has a sister that lives in Phoenix that has one and really enjoys it . likes those .
What do you do for the surprise things that you don't necessarily plan for Right . t_con generally we always make it . t_con it tight come the end of the month
t_con what do you think you'll do with that ? With those degrees ? I'm doing masters in computer science and computer engineering . What are you studying ?
Well can you tell me anything else about the house t_laugh  . Are you working on it ? Okay . # this . #
Do you use credit cards often ? My husband loves them t_laugh  . -- t_con when we're traveling some . - Uh-huh .
As far as the number of drug users you mean ? Yeah -- t_con I think it was tremendously down . I think they were expecting to find like the national average at T I .
Do you think that it's right ? Well I come from kind of a biased opinion because I'm a therapist and a drug and alcohol counselor . I guess so t_pause  . I guess so .
The- enough of those in the world Right t_laugh  . That's why I'm in college t_laugh  . Well good .
What about yard space ? Do you have lot of or anything like that ? So I think you can end up doing more with them it seems like . I've always been interested in older homes personally .
Was it ? Uh-huh . # which was really over priced . # # I don't know that place . #
Well what other t_empty t_con # if somebody can make a regulation about it they will . # Ah
where in Indiana ? Lafayette . Uh-huh uh-huh .
t_con do you cook are you single do you cook every night for yourself ? with wheat kernel that - # Uh-huh . #
t_con do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days ? t_empty Do you think you D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more . Uh-huh .
well you probably are real careful of the brands you buy t_con the when you do buy things you probably watch what kind of  . # - # Yes t_con since our kids aren't little anymore I'm not buying a lot of those little things # t_laugh that can get broken . #
What About ? I think that in the future the family unit as it once was known is going to be nonexistent t_pause  . Yeah
t_con what are they supposed to do with people that they need to put in jail ? Well the way it's been working here's - Yeah . they're not allowed to accept any new inmates .
off of Arapaho down there ? yeah yeah # restaurant with the lions in # the front
Is that the stadium ? I couldn't tell you for sure . t_con I saw a game at Ned Skelton . I was out there last Summer
You must be a T I employee ? No You must be what ? you must be a T I employee .
do you play any instrument yourself ? Yes Well that's good . t_con we have to watch that .
t_laugh  . t_con you think my goodness why did I think I was doing better t_laugh  . Being down there do you get to see like the colonial or any of those ? Uh-huh t_con you quadruple bogey t_laugh  .
t_con what do you guys having up there ? I haven't been up there since Lord forty-eight I guess t_laugh  . Okay . t_empty
I think you guys in Indiana don't you have the death penalty ? Yeah I not familiar . Greg
t_con they repacked the wheel bearings . -- t_con they re- the the wheel bearings . # Right . # t_con I thought that was a good deal .
Is that true for Atlanta ? Atlanta is kind of high . t_con in Pittsburgh the r- really is not very high at the moment . well I'm not sure how it is in Georgia
You sound like you've had a lot of experience with this then . well t_laugh that's my husband's side and my mom That's interesting . -- that everyone's sort of involved .
Is it asphalt shingles no Yeah . t_con I guess I'll let it go awhile .
Are you a native to Texas ? No Typical Texas Spring . listen I got me doing it .
I wondered if the tribes that they represented the evil tribe if they were really as bad as it made them to be . Well who knows . I know Really I don't kn- -
t_laugh The executives right ? Right t_con I told him he's obviously in a high risk group t_laugh  . t_con my boss has gone for about like three times I think .
Do you like the job sharing ? I do t_con I think that's real nice too to come up with different options . t_con she was sitting in the office
t_con the other thing is when they have the sensational trials how they get people who aren't swayed by the news either . Uh-huh . I don't think you really can't I know .
t_con it's the government that's mandating it to a certain extent ?  . Yes . t_con it's some form of drug program is required to get the government contracts I company's doing it because they're a government contractor  .
why are they not as vocal t_con why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights ? can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to say the people in Latin America . it that way .
have you ever heard of it ? I've heard of it . Oh . We've gone out to a place in western Pennsylvania called Falling Water .
t_con have you ever been to California ? t_empty -- you know have dinner and then come on back . Yeah .
Girls are nice aren't they ? Yes t_con all girls around here t_laugh  . I have two girls
# What do you use  ? # # What do you serve with it ? # Yeah . t_con it's really easy too
t_con they waited forty-five minutes ? No t_laugh  . Yeah . the kids with you ?
why bother voting if your vote won't make a difference . t_con for instance in the last presidential election I'm sure a lot of people thought Bush is going to win either way I suspect the apathy is due to something like people just feeling that their vote doesn't count anyway . Yeah
You don't . That's good . I don't feel for the most part that I've been discriminated against . How do you feel your career has gone ?
A nanny sort of ? t_empty That's strange . Yeah .
and pour that over it ? Yeah . t_con you layer your fresh fruit on that . Uh-huh .
on a regular basis how often do you go ? I try to make it at least three times a week . t_con how often do find yourself going ? t_con it's fun .
Did you ? Yeah I caught the end of that . Yeah
# they do with alcohol . # Pardon ? t_con they have done some testing around our office mostly after lunch looking for people drinking beer and stuff at lunch time Uh-huh .
what did you all do ? t_empty Yeah . Very much .
what major changes have affected your life ? Well I think that women working is the one that really affects me most strongly right now . Yes t_empty
what can I say . So you're at the house you're not at the plant . Well really this is breaks up my afternoon from changing diapers and mopping floors Well this has been an interesting conversation .
I don't know if you read any of the history on where the Panama Canal t_con there was an option to build it across Nicaragua Well the interesting part about it is that if realistically it was economic . t_con now we're in a situation where the United States is like we're it now .
t_con if the analysis is inaccurate or biased or whatever then you know how good is it . t_con I like a little more indepth coverage t_con there's some danger to that of course too . Huh .
t_con why go out and see something right away you know you kind of wait Uh-huh . ju- for that reason it is a does cost a lot
would you ever have thought of that ? t_empty Well you know what the average person - because it surely didn't come as a surprise that if the door came open t_laugh the lady would fall out
Do your kids and everything like to ? Yes What about your family . Yes t_laugh  .
Now if you pay your monthly charge do you then pay separately for classes your taking ? you do for classes Yeah . That's it ?
They were not hard are they ? No . really . he picks them up and rolls them across the patio .
Is it the values that they're teaching in school or the values they get from home . well the values more or less at home and the T V just a general - -- kind of conflict with what we expect out of people in school Yeah .
How long has it been since you've had one ? Well about a year . don't you miss that with not having a television so far ? I like to watch a lot of news
Is a cruise nicer than if you just go on a regular you know to a hotel ? yeah . Well that's nice . It was a lot of fun .
well what's there to say ? Doesn't seem like it's being carried out very well in my opinion . I'll let you go first . t_empty
where's the money supposed to come from . I don't know . who supposed to make the change the state the govern- you know I guess you just have to wonder
How about yourself ? I agree with you . I think it teaches kids how to grow . wouldn't be bad for -
Are you newly married t_con - Really . t_con I haven't seen him since eight o'clock this morning .
t_con you must watch a lot of Disney or cartoons then ? Well we have on SESAME STREET and MISTER ROGERS that kind of stuff t_laugh t_con I thought that was really interesting the way that they did that . Yeah
What about Utah ? Haven't been there since I was in college - that's a great place . But no Colora-
where you at ? We're outside of Washington in Maryland . Yeah Well they're really very strong academic rather than you know big sports
what are you thinking about buying ? t_empty I would guess so . Yeah
what do you think about that ? Well yeah I don't know Uh-huh .
the flip side to this is are we getting what we're paying for Yeah . t_con you know each county has their own school system t_con it works out real nice . Gee whiz .
Whose figure is that ? I don't know . -- t_con they have millions . Yeah --
Where you going to school ? At Georgia Tech . It's very easy to have one at home . t_con lot of times so difficult to get on them at school .
Who sponsors you basically the city ? The city t_con you do have to buy your music . Uh-huh .
do you have any friends with ponds ? No . -- t_con they troll it a little bit . Yeah .
Do you want to start ? Yeah t_empty t_empty
any particular kind or just all kinds ? Well for instance breast cancer seems to be pretty rampant Yeah Really
Do you read ? Not very much it will be a dollar movie in no time . it not going to be around long
or is it European No . is it Asian what is their location
do you want to go ahead sure . Okay . t_empty
So how did that happen anyway ? financial trouble . Well that must be pretty bad . Fort Worth newspaper .
what kind do you have ? t_laugh  . roaches and - once I see these bugs around here I'm just kind of out of it . t_con boy I'll tell you what
what do you like to cook ? I like to cook foods I like to eat . Okay t_empty
t_con what benefits I think are most important ? I guess you do . Yeah
Nancy do you have any children ? Yes t_empty t_empty
Judith Krantz ? who ? Dean Kratz or Kranz I know t_laugh  .
Well what about random testing though . Oh . say if you change jobs you wouldn't have to do it if you'd just been tested at your other work place . t_con once you've established the fact that you're not a drug user and especially if your personality proves that you're not . I think they could save money by not doing that . You know every time
t_con What else would be an annoyance ? Well I guess traffic could be an annoyance . since mine are all grown up Oh t_laugh  .
How do you use it ? t_laugh  . Emergencies come along Uh-huh . That's my ideal way t_laugh  .
Who would they ask ? That's right . how - Uh-huh
Well what is a good brand a inexpensive . Well that's the deal is you're not buying brands now t_con the disk drive is two fifty . the monitor with the card that drives is another hundred
do you have a P C ? Yes t_empty t_empty
What about people from Pennsylvania . What do they think about Texans ? No . Anything else ?
what's your opinion on the our policy down there ? I don't think we have one . So what do you - t_empty
Who's going to pay for mine ? I don't know t_laugh  . Yeah . Because we're paying for Social Security they using now .
Do you belong to a gun club or you ? - He belonged to one awhile back . I'm not sure . I think it was a three fifty-seven .
Well what do you think is the major social change ? t_empty That's social change . That's social change .
how about when they were younger did you go cam- Well your family was gro- up now Uh-huh .
Do you have a boat ? No . # we've built that up . # You're right . #
-- Ryan against Ryan Ryan against Ryan Nolan against . - Was it Nolan against -- -
I don't know what it's like around Hattiesburg . t_empty t_con we were able to just choose in the marketplace . -- t_con we feel real fortunate
who do they need to trade ? Well I don't know . I don't know t_con maybe next can do some .
Where is that ? -- closer to downtown . One of the people from my department I think used to take a lot of the stuff to a recycling center that was for the benefit of the Dallas Shelter . You know it would still be more convenient than what we have now .
Did I reach the Dallas area ? I beg your pardon ? Hello there . Hello .
What other kinds of dinner parties t_laugh do you serve ? well I don't entertain that often # it's # good stuff . # Uh-huh . #
What do you think we're going to get for this ? Get . What do you think t_con what do you think we're going to get ?
t_con do you just buy along the same artist ? yeah Well you have to figure out what to buy everything I listen to is what I buy not whatever they play on the radio
do you have Lowe's up there ? t_empty I don't know Yeah
So how do you dress ? Well I'm going to talk about when I was working as a teacher and when I # was t_laugh working at now . # -- you know . Oh .
In building t_empty So am I . Uh-huh .
Was the whole face done or just the numbers and basically the whole - t_con it's real neat . yeah .
I guess you didn't get your deposit back did you ? Well I had the carpet fixed no . t_con he had tried to dig his way out from underneath the door
do you know ? I'm not sure . Are they going to later -- plastic .
t_con who was it Christopher Reeve or Mike Douglas . I can't believe they killed them . that you know
t_con you didn't even get the severance package . No . t_con decided to take it . t_con it was just an opportunity arose
Do they have a pool yeah . I love the water aerobics . # t_con I # love the water aerobics .
do you find it useable ? Have you tried much with it ? Well what do you think about the metric system ? t_empty
Which one do you feel is better since you use them both ? t_pause I get bored very easily . I don't know if it would really do any good having both of them . t_con I'm not sure if I'll get benefit out of both of them .
Where are you from Tina ? I'm from Maryland t_empty t_empty
like would you go over and spend a lot of time in one place or travel to whole bunch of different places in one week ? Well usually a bunch of different places . Yeah . -- t_con it's kind of nice to have that .
What do you think about it ? Uh well immigration Okay . t_empty
# Now what about you t_empty # Yeah . # Yeah . #
Well did you have has name all over them ? No t_laugh  . I was mad because those were mine Oh .
-- t_laugh What kind of rock music do you listen to ? Do you listen to like that really heavy metal stuff -- # I have a lot of # friends that like country music t_laugh  . # #
How was that ? That was excellent . The most recent one that my wife and I have seen was the CITY SLICKER . I don't think the general audience would go for it .
What's the criterion for choosing to go there ? Yeah . Yeah . t_con it was not necessarily local it was -
D- you get cable ? No . Okay . I don't watch T V much at all .
Run on that then no income taxes in Texas That's true . Maybe I should run for office t_laugh  . t_laugh There's an idea .
Was it a boy or a girl ? He's a little boy  . It was really nice so Oh .
Do you miss that part in your life no No . Gee .
Do you like them ? Yeah Well what about the Houston Oilers . Uh-huh .
t_laugh Is he the sports - I wonder if we're coming up on ten minutes . Well it's like the Dale Hansen on channel eight is a little too cutesy t_con that really effects how they report the news .
As a recurring character every week ? Eldon her housepainter . Yes . he does ?
t_laugh Don't you wish you had been able to though ? I really do . t_con here we were all hep to go to Woodstock you know . # ten # miles out of town at that time .
What power do we have ? goodness . what can we do ? t_laugh How are we going to make that happen ?
You all got a pay raise this year . Yeah . Yeah . t_con you know I'm not going to complain because Plano got a pay raise this year .
t_con did it get real cold at night It got real cold -- sleep in sleeping bags And went up on it .
how old is the dog ? It just turned two I believe . well is it - Well about a year I guess .
K U E N Uh-huh t_con I'm - Kuenzer K U E N Z E R
You want to start ? yeah . # Okay . # # Hi . #
Well this is about drug testing right ? Right . What do you think ? t_empty
Do they even understand what's being said ? Well when it use to be Latin . I don't quite understand that . when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're expected to bow down to it I think that keeps people in sort of line you know .
By somebody who was there Yeah Just beautifully written . Uh-huh .
Wasn't it a murder mystery ? Y- well - t_con this one was a lot more dramatic . Uh-huh .
Where in Pennsylvania ? State College What ? where in Pennsylvania .
People from Virginia and all over . Yeah . I talked to the professor Uh-huh . # too ? #
t_con actually that is a benefit Well it is to me . Well that an excellent - I can work seven days in a row and take a week off or whatever I want to do .
What part of the country are you from ? I'm living here in Texas . same here . Yeah
Do you backpack or hike Well a little bit you want to start by telling me what camping is to you . Okay
Tha- the Spaghetti Warehouse type . Yes They're not very - t_con they like just the traditional .
Did your other son - My other son is just as happy as a bed bug . t_con obviously you're experiencing it . we're talking about what you think
I'm not sure what the difference in light years between the new generation and the old guys was . I think it's a hundred years . t_con it will be a next generation meets this generation  . t_con it may not include the entire crew
what do you think we can I guess as individuals or as a group do about air pollution ? t_pause  . we can demand more efficient automobiles for one thing . t_con I don't know yeah .
You had the same problems there right ? # Yeah . # Well t_con you got to look at prohibition though . I think there so much criminal activity # that people go into to support drug habits . #
Vincent's ? No You ever been to Vincent's ? We like seafood also
Do you have kids ? yeah . t_empty t_empty
That shouldn't be too much trouble for the two of us . Right ? No . I guess we're supposed to discuss the school system . Okay
How about SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? That's on our list of things to see t_laugh  . I heard like mixed reviews of that no .
Think we can handle that ? Yeah . Yeah . That sounds like not as recent social changes too like back to the sixties or fifties I guess  .
t_con is it hour ? Well half hour . It's just a half hour t_con there's always like I say a moral to it
so what was the other question let's see do you do it as a task Yeah It's just some of those women that come up there looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger's sister just doesn't get it .
Do you have friends that play with you No Well now who do you play with ? When my wife let's me .
Isn't that funny . No t_laugh  . Do you ever keep any of your stuff ? like especially lately there's been so many babies t_laugh that bibs and blankets and things like that . Wall hangings
do we get a signal . No I don't know I think we're -
Well how bad were the side effects ? Bad . t_con in time you know the side effects started showing . it was a big breakthrough
#What kind of# -- - t_empty in fact I'm in the middle of a project right now making a bed for my son . I do some woodworking myself  .
Is it supposed to be better ? The other world t_con why are we so fascinated with the other world . -- what exactly do we see about this world
Now in Amarillo did you fish any of this  ? no . -- or cheese or anything that smells terrible t_laugh  . is that right ?
Well you were in Peru ? Yeah Uh-huh  . t_con I've also seen the other side of it too .
How big then ? she weighs in at about fifty pounds that's neat . t_con she has the shap- of the Shepherd .
Now do the grocery stores in Houston have recycling for their paper bags and plastic bags ? I know of one that we use has recycling for the bags . t_con the time that you waste standing in line is valuable also . Yes .
Did you embroidery the pattern and then quilt it yourself t_empty t_con I've done a quilt for our bed I've done a quilt for our baby
did I push ? Did we Yeah did you push the button ?
What do they have to do with one another ? t_laugh I just I had someone tell me that I will never register to vote because I don't want to serve on a jury t_laugh  . I had an interesting comment one time a thought that would never have crossed my mind .
Where do you work ? t_empty on my job we had a lot of Workmen's Comp cases Uh-huh .
They still found him guilty ? They found him guilty . t_con he had all sorts of character witnesses and what not t_con even though he had witnesses that said that he was at work
You haven't been to Spain ? No -- t_con we'd love to go back to London . t_con we would love to go back there
So do you think that you family is pretty rare in that you do a lot of things or just the relationship between you and your daughter ? Yeah Yeah . they're out doing stuff by that time .
Is this a a mail order parts house that specializes in in parts for parts for uh old imports ? Right and I hope that that's the case this time . companies are pretty good about accepting returns on products like that when they're not needed after all
# What part of Maryland are you from ? Up in the Gaithersburg area . # You said ? # Yes #
How about yourself ? Well we're kind of lucky . Uh-huh . t_con still have been you know certainly exposed to criteria people are using .
Do you have any ? Yes t_empty t_empty
what about you ? Well I don't have so much trouble with products as service . something was very very wrong with the blade . I had to send it back after like you know the third week because I realized it was not -
t_con what's the solution ? That's a good question . We've had relatives that their children were just as involved in it as anyone you know . Yeah .
Where did you go ? t_empty -- t_con t_con you felt that I got a pretty good undergraduate - Yeah .
Like what is a book on your list you know I have a list too t_con I have not been able to yet you know for one reason or another . t_con I have got a lot of books that I intend to read
Does that make sense ? Yeah . yeah . I think most employers would probably rather hire you know a three six in history to be a salesman than someone with a two oh in business administration .
So how many children do you have at home ? I have two little ones # It is excellent it sounds like it .
t_con do you like classic rock or modern rock or which kind ? t_empty Okay . so we've got to talk about music .
Where are you from originally ? We're from Illinois originally . We still have a lot to see though . We've been to a few places in this country .
How big is your band ? Well we got pretty good size band . t_con that isn't too bad . t_con those are usually on the weekend
How does it keep the cost down ? t_con everyone is now forced to pay for this . You know it . - t_con everyone can use it .
What about you ? Well I'm thinking about it more in terms of my parents that are starting to get old . Uh-huh . And so you've got a real balance to make there .
Do you work full time ? Yeah . -- very often . It is .
Wasn't that excellent ? Yeah I did . Yes
it's not connected to another one ? yeah we're in a development . No
what are your favorite children's books ? there are a couple of Newberry Award winners . t_con I like those a lot . I think that's the most animated and imaginative .
Florida is pretty good about recycling isn't it ? Well they just kicked it off down here in Sarasota county . t_con I don't know . this is really for a speech research project they're doing
In cold frames or whatever the - Yeah We'll start them inside you would
t_con do you find that advantageous t_con - do you have multiple credit cards ? uh-huh .
did you seen that one ? Yes Yeah that was funny wasn't it t_laugh  .
in your opinion good or bad or both ? Well both you know I think you're right . That's really in the last thirty years has changed significantly .
do you have anyone that you're seriously needing to feed information to ? I suppose if you're actually at Georgia Tech as a student you're a ways away from that . Uh-huh . -- t_con that can vary between colleges and faculties even as to how you know what the attitude towards achievement is .
t_con what do you think we're going to get ? What do you think Right . t_con then it seems like it might be longer than a week .
is it close to Phoenixville Pennsylvania ? no where you are Oh .
t_con well what's a mill Yeah semiconductor devices . Right .
# Isn't that a practical van . # There's some that are prettier than others Yeah . Maybe practical .
the color doesn't really matter for because you have that light . Yeah . we didn't know that when we bought the house t_con the lights shine right at our house .
What do you like to watch on television  ? Well I guess a lot of the - t_empty t_empty
t_con where was I at ? go- to school you get taught the things you learn in school I guess another thing that concerns me is so many people it seems like everybody today is still in that job market Yeah .
I don't think they'll have much choice do you ? probably not . t_con I'm hoping that a lot of other companies will follow the same path . Uh-huh .
What do you think Mark ? Yeah Uh-huh . Well it looks like it's just about as volatile as it usually is .
What vacations have you been on that you like ? well I really enjoyed - t_empty t_empty
-- can you do that . -- those also . Yes -- both liter sodas --
Is that how it's worded ? I knew it was there I think that's the way it's worded . okay .
t_con where did you grow up in California ? In Santa Barbara . I know this isn't on our topic It's a mixture .
they go out a lot ? Yeah Uh-huh I seem to have a real bad trouble with electric hair dryers blow dryers .
Well do you guys go camping or anything like that ? yeah Uh-huh . It sure does .
You don't get involved in # car decisions ? # # not too much . # # t_laugh Yeah . t_laugh Whatever my husband buys # t_laugh  . #
t_con you like the Ford ? Absolutely . t_con I would ima- that if I change or if I get another car I will go with the Taurus or something similar in that regard . Uh-huh .
t_con anyhow what have you seen ? Well last week as a matter of fact my children was on Spring Break -- Oh  . you don't get away with this nonsense t_laugh  .
You probably heard # of that t_laugh  . # # yes I worked for a trucking company P I E nation wide . # No
Exempt or  ? Exempt . Actually December was my first month away from them . Oh .
Do you live in the high-rise ? No t_con the carpet was new t_con it was practically new when I moved in here
where is Cornell University . Cornell is in Ithaca . Now is Rochester - -- is is Rochester Red Wings game .
Where ? t_laugh  . near Philadelphia . Well I have a brother that lives there t_laugh  . are you familiar with any of the area that all ?
did you ever play much basketball ? Not much . t_laugh I don't know Yeah .
t_con does he just run out in the backyard ? Is he fenced in ? is he an inside dog also Does he get -
Is it a miniature or a standard Schnauzer ? It a miniature . Schnauzers . t_con I have a Sheltie .
So who is your favorite football team ? Guess . Okay . t_empty
t_con how are your kids at an age where they can contribute to what they want t_con do you still order for them ? in hog heaven . # In heaven t_laugh  . #
once a week twice a week ? at least once a week . We eat out quite a bit it's just my husband and I at home now . Right
t_con you do that as just on the side or what ? I'm starting a side business in desk top publishing -- Did you have your own business t_con I do that
Do you go camping ? Yeah . That's not the kind we do . golly! t_laugh  .
Well how long did it take you all ? Well a couple of week ends I said Okay it's your place it's easy .
It's usually dry down there isn't it ? Yeah . my . We have had so much rain for May and June that we've got all the weather people down here really confused .
Now you're in Dallas is it ? Right -- for a dinner party ? Well what would you like to cook ?
You know what ? It seems like we are doing it here forever . t_con that is all we have been doing all weekend . -- edge
So what do you think in the short term we should be doing to improve it ? Well I saw a program on -- the federal one's the big one t_laugh  . Yeah .
Does your club have a good woman's association ? Yes t_con I not good enough for that t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
what are you studying ? I was studying nursing Yeah . well that's interesting .
Is it good education ? It may be free but is it good education Uh-huh . Well that's just it though good education .
Well do you exercise regularly ? well I am a school teacher . Okay . t_empty
would the camping be part of a long hike ? yeah # Would you then go ha- # hiking . t_con you don't want them up that early . #
How do you feel about public schools ? Well our public schools are really poor I feel . I'm here . Okay
How long you been in Dallas ? about eight years . Oh . I'm from Illinois
Have you rented any movies lately ? the last movie I rented was THE HARD WAY with Michael J . Fox t_con I guess that's about it . That was cute .
well is your father's cafe one that you could cater out of ? No I have to get to know this area a little better I guess . okay
now are you sure they are hyacinths ? t_con that is a bulb . All right t_con the leaves I do not like them .
# You must have a son . # -- Boy Scout age . okay . Well in the last two years I have not played very much golf because I am involved in Boy Scouts .
# is that suppose to # be . - yeah an injection # # yeah
is that just the only type of reading you've been doing t_con do you read any good novels lately ? I'm sure . I'm sure
how do we get them t_pause to not get reelected over and over again . Well I have an easy answer for that t_aside is that limit it you know to eight or ten years max . How do we get some of these guys that have been in there for so long - Well the thing that I'm wondering about is how we get a new congress .
You think so ? Yeah t_con I believe the Social Security tax is a great scheme . t_con instead I think it's going to the wrong places .
So what are the laws like in Texas ? I guess there is more and more states that are going back to capital punishment . I see t_con I'm from Plano Texas .
I guess a year ago you're probably watching C N N a lot right ? Right t_laugh they're pretty good too . Uh-huh .
what was his name Wolf Blitzer ? What was that ? During the war did you laugh when they had that man on # it's like don't worry about it
Have you ever used I haven't . Yeah . -- t_con I learned that on there too
You don't like Puccini ? yeah . -- and libretto . Uh-huh .
I guess it's fairly industrial ? Yeah Right t_con you do get a good bit of smog and stuff especially from all the fuel cracking towers and chemical plants .
do you have to do a lot of upkeep ? Not really Okay I have a home .
So do you go to college right now ? Yeah Yeah . That to me shows a little uh switch in priorities .
So do y'all have many bluebonnets and stuff this year ? Yeah Uh-huh . Usually it sneaks on into the nineties a little earlier .
You never saw that ? I've heard of it a lot Oh . Now I used to watch TWIN PEAKS .
In what way ? In that it seems to me that they are swayed more by emotion than by evidence that's presented . I feel very uncomfortable with trials by juries recently . Well how do you feel about trial by jury ?
Did you hit one . Yeah . right  . Yeah .
Well do you think that in a civil case if there was majority rule that it would be easy for someone to be set up ? well I really can't say for certain truth be known . t_con also too I think I'm tempering this and the fact that the consequences are much more serious in a criminal case . Like for instance say -
Well when are the Rangers going to come through th- - that's a good question . You know t_con they may be even be- this year . Yeah .
t_con what kind of movies have you seen lately I guess ? well the last movie I saw but it wasn't my choice was the NINJA TURTLE movie t_laugh  . Okay t_empty
Y- actually live in Saint Louis ? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis baseball is there life up there like football is down here I think . yeah
You want to go first ?  . No t_empty t_empty
what state are you in ? Texas . do you live t_con we will probably be going up at Thanksgiving this year
Is it just a small group of the employees that are concerned ? Well it's the whole city -- a local you know employer is also already doing it seeing what they'll say about it especially since - They haven't ruled on whether they can test them or not .
# What's that . # # scallops - I guess the thing that always turned out the best for us was something we thought looked really fancy but was real easy I was thinking of the one recipe that we made .
t_con what do you think of the Giants ? I like the Giants . Okay All right .
don't you think . I think so . So  . Well I guess we've discussed that enough -- in that regard .
well what do you believe in what do you believe in I know for a fact that the kind of stuff that if you wrote and asked for material - it seems like the stuff that they put out now it I doesn't just seem like it
Now how many people are in his immediate family ? Well he has eight brothers and sisters -- t_con like immediate family we do to do one thing once a year . # wonderful #
How about you ? I very varied as well . Yeah . Uh-huh .
You don't use any credit cards I don't imagine . No . Sure . Doug you want to start ? t_laugh  .
maybe you've heard of A and M down here Uh-huh . I don't know There is some great people from Texas A and M
Why Well your from Indiana yeah . You must be native Texan ? No .
t_con did you see the map they drew up on how they were going to divide up the districts ? No . I agree with you an equal voice .
which end do we push Okay I don't know Okay
Do you think our government agencies should test ? Yeah what do you think about our like other government agencies testing ? t_con  . Let's see what else was I going to say here .
t_con he must know is he interested in law or medicine he must have a definite profession in mind . t_con it was a very difficult choice And that he was t_laugh trying to decide between University of Pennsylvania and Williams
t_empty I don't know . and I th- I think they lose a lot by what I call neutering their husbands . Uh-huh .
At Williams or Pennsylvania ? At Williams - that's total undergraduate with five hundred graduate school so that the the college of arts and sciences is you know I guess about four thousand . t_con it does have the under you know -
What was she driving ? It was a Cadillac . Yeah She had to label everything .
So are you a freshwater or - Mostly freshwater Okay . t_empty
t_con What do you do ? t_empty You know Yeah
What do you think causes air pollution in Dallas ? t_con where are you from ? Okay . Well let's talk about air pollution .
Isn't that terrible ? t_empty that was horrible . I assume you have seen on television recently as probably the whole country has the beating of the man in Los Angeles .
She worked at home I'm # sure t_laugh  . # # Well yeah #  . # - well # qualify that . #
So do you go to the movies often No I like his movies . Yeah .
With openness and light ? Yeah Well that's what my wife really wanted # it doesn't have # t_laugh  .
You're not casting a weight on the end of the line ? Uh-huh . Well let me explain fly fishing to you then . if I don't have a reel with a button on it I tend to get so much backlash it's not worth the trouble t_laugh  .
How do they get along together ? Pretty good . t_laugh  . We call him Neek .
I'm assuming that you are married and have a husband that supports you . Right . t_con one of the things that she asked us to discuss was benefits . of course salary is very important because that's why you are working for your for the money t_con job satisfaction to me is also very important in having a job .
t_con do they just paper train it or something ? I guess . my word . especially when they're young when they bring them in -- -
what kind of birds do you have ? Parakeets . t_con two bi- - -- two birds at this point .
# how do they live ? # # t_con were officially my God t_con there are still something like ten thousand people without power .
# # you grew up in Orlando . That's interesting Well I was in submarines . That's wh- Uh-huh .
t_con how do you know this much about stealing cars ? t_laugh Well after I found mine I had to this - Uh-huh . -- t_con you can start it up basically pretty easily .
in Baltimore ? well no really I have two kids over there .
You did ? Yeah -- t_con we found it belittling . Uh-huh .
How many square feet do you have ? We have got about twenty hundred . yeah Really ?
what about credit # card ? # Well I guess we're supposed to talk All right .
For one person ? Yes . wha- is kind of high for lunch I guess . I was around ten dollars for lunch . Okay
Do you need a lot of repairs ? Is it a very reliable kind of car ? Uh-huh . Most of the time when I don't go anywhere I can drive it for like three weeks from and from work you know and then fill it up
Isn't that sad ? t_empty who didn't ? Yeah
All right do you do exercise ? I do t_empty t_empty
do you think it works very good with that random - Well it's hard for me to evaluate it because everybody I work around is in an office environment t_con when you're not a private company the rules don't always apply . Uh-huh .
You think the problem is not enough doctors ? I think the problem is that the doctor v- have conspired to limit the number of doctors and that the lawyers have conspired to make sure that if you are a doctor you are going to pay high premiums on your h- Well if you took half the money that they would spend in the state of Texas for health insurance and gave it to qualified students to so they could become doctors the problem would go away . Why ?
Was that good did you see it ? t_con that's something I really should have seen . I haven't seen that yet
Without your permission . Right . and putting it falsely out or just bombarding me for the answers . Uh-huh .
How long did you live there ? they have better computer science up here than they do down there . Yeah that's cool .
t_con is that supported by all donations to the church and so forth yeah . t_con you know every little bit helps . it's not a lot because you're just doing a house at a time
well I guess they were have been scared t_laugh after the - No yeah Yeah
you know a lot about that . t_con yeah t_con he works mostly with adolescents . My husband is a counselor
What do you think of that greenhouse effect that's going on ? Well I guess that's fluoro- -- t_con what it is is the pollution . they're even dark
t_con what do you to fix the school systems ? t_empty Yeah they may be able to give the resources that's needed to do a good job .
Did you crack the block or what ? No no . t_con I was stranded out on the highway t_laugh  .
Do you work ? Yes Pardon me ? Do you work ?
What ? We could prohibit people from being hired that are historically going to cost the company money . You know do a little bit better research on who gets hired -- I'll tell you what we could do . t_con Let's see what else can we do ?
t_con hasn't it changed a lot over the years ? Teaching ?  . t_con you've got a lot of federal money too . It's good
what do they get they get a car . t_con now kids at sixteen years old they have their birthday Exactly .
How do you like it out there  ? I don't . Because I come from a lot city than this one Hey . At North Carolina State University .
Do you have brothers and sisters ? I have one brother Oh . t_con I am going to hopefully next year get to go back cause a lot of the family has not on
are you sewing for a whole family right now I'm just sewing for myself . Well do you have kids and a husband on like that .
Are your rooms in your house bigger since it's a sixties home ? t_con it seems like then that they built the homes much larger You know it's very difficult to arrange furniture and things like that The only thing that I don't like also is the rooms are so small .
Do- it have to get extremely hot ? Uh-huh . I use the black iron skillet to cook mine . You know I never have .
What size hole ? Yeah . I need a hole there . t_con whe- simply drilling a hole a real simple thing like gee -
I don't know if you have had that problem there or not . No . well in fact that's what they use for gypsy moth t_con I have been very happy about the new way of controlling the worm that gets in broccoli by using the Bacillus Thuringiansis which is the little -
You know what I'm saying Yeah . Yeah . they add the color .
It's pretty hot down there probably . my! uh-huh . Uh-huh
that Sears Discovery Card is that what that ? Yeah I also use Discover when I can because they give you some money back every year .
Did you ? Yeah . Although I must admit I did look at my watch after about an hour . t_con I guess that's what I really like .
Do you seem to get it straighter is that the advantage And start in the middle of the wall and go from there and go all the way around the room . t_con start right there . -
-- is it one you're renting or buying ? No -- and - Uh-huh --
I don't know if you ever watch Gallagher you know he's one of the comedians Yeah . it's hard to imagine what life was like without it now .
What's your view . t_empty All right . Okay .
What kind of work do you do ? I am a drafter . uh-huh . Yeah
Do you ? Yeah we've got a calico cat too . Yeah
How many ounces of gold you know . Twelve . you like troy ounces in ounces of gold . particularly bothersome because in reality -
t_con I don't understand with racialism and the way religion is and everything else how you can get people that are total impartial to it . I know . You're supposed to you know go in if you have never heard of the people before or anything I don't understand .
are you looking for a house or not . No Are you all planning to move anytime they do throw those up .
Did it have something to mention about sort of cultural rituals of manhood ? Yes . that sounds great . Yeah
Well like what tell me . t_con some of the prizes are pretty nice . my .
So which one are we going to throw out ? t_laugh Well I hate to say it I've read that is a theory . well they say too that having a democratic congress and republican President is not good .
what about classic rock type stations . I don't listen to the radio at all . Yeah -- you know Van Halen that kind of thing .
where do you go to school ? B Y U . yeah I'm going to school right now
Well is it real expensive then ? it just went up the first of this month . Yeah . # Sometimes it isn't . #
what kind of hobbies do you have ? Do you sing or knit or anything ? I guess its recording . Okay
well do you work in a setting where you are in the food business ? my father owns a restaurant . t_con she talks about catering and you know goes into all that and the different types of parties you know different types of foods . Her cookbook
do we say that every one who commits murder in the first degree is liable for capital punishment if that's what the jury decides is an appropriate punishment for their crime t_con do we extend it beyond that ? Right . what I don't know is where do we draw the line .
what types of music do you like to listen to ? Well I primarily listen to classical music when I have my druthers partly because I find it more soothing . Okay t_empty
well does a boar taste just like regular ham ? Yep t_con it's the best eating you ever had . t_con after about six hours you put the fire out and dig that baby out of there
Who do you work for ? I work for Channel six . I do a matter of fact . t_laugh Yes
How about you ? to what we're doing is budgeting you know . - Sure . t_con with not a whole lot of discretionary money it's kind of hard to figure out how to do it .
Really ? Uh-huh . elementary and special ed . In -
Is that why you said I had more experience than you ? Well no . I wish I was that way . my gosh
You hear that ?  . That's my kids turning on their music . t_con that could be your you know fifteen minutes of fame . Yeah
Where are you from originally ? I'm from northern Utah that's true . Yeah
do you also ? No . I work for T I Okay
is your brother younger than you Yeah . Uh-huh big enough for a couple of people to sack out .
# Did you go # to Baylor by any chance ? No okay t_laugh  . # # Uh-huh
was it good . Yeah really t_laugh that must be pretty good then it's got # Cheech Marin  .
we might actually get to go to a World Series That's right my goodness It sure would .
it's just that the rating system seems you know instead of having X now they have what N C seventeen ? Yeah . yeah . yeah .
Are you on the early retirement ? Yes . my pay doesn't change . I work part-time and just get you know -
# Did they really ? # # said that # it was the drunk driver's fault They would find something wrong with it . # of a # settlement
# Just recently . # # well # actually he has convicted t_con it hasn't been a long time ago . t_con he is on trial for capital murder .
t_con you know what can one do . I'm just happy still to have a job . t_con it was just I missed it by a couple months . I should have taken the you know option when that was there
I assume you have kids  . we have one . t_empty t_empty
which one is that ? Owens . Right now we've recycled glass for ye- be- we have a glass industry in our community . Uh-huh .
t_con they want to be a service to us t_con are they in there for their own gains How many do you think are in there for pub- - t_con that would be a next question to ask .
we're not even supposed to be talking about this though are we ? I guess not . How did you hear - yes .
if it's in the economic interest of the United States do we go in and prevail t_con in other words do we make the world safe for democracy The issue of - t_con there were economic ties then .
Well you're not a starving artist yet are you ? no yes . t_laugh yes
I wonder where - I know . t_con you are thinking to yourself Yeah .
What other movies have you seen ? saw THE ADDAMS FAMILY last week . it's definitely a lot better t_laugh  . A lot more realistic really . yeah
I don't know how safe that was t_laugh  . Yeah yeah . yeah
They encourage it ? Yeah . they encourage it . # # That's kind of # -
t_con do you get to stay home with them ? Well I got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years . Do you work How about you ?
You must be native Texan ? Why No . They don't have a southern accent up there though .
t_con do you keep it ? yes Well do you tear out of your magazines your recipes -- change .
They do newspapers ? I don't know Kroger does a couple things . it's hard to find places to go .
You know where he says kill all the lawyers t_laugh  . t_empty Othello . Uh-huh .
Have you been there for lunch ? Yes -- they have real nice lunches . okay .
would you use that for city driving and racing ? yeah Right t_con it's nice just like scrap it and go for the g-
Now why couldn't your wife run around the golf course ? Is that not good ? you just don't see it anywhere else as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot . there's a variety
A worm ? Yeah . Yeah . You mean ?
I don't know if your on city water city water has chlorine in it Oh . It's toxic .
From ? From California . I'm a transplant . no
do you have kids ? I have three . -- the different - Uh-huh .
t_con what are the steps ? Well you have to see Yeah if I knew that I'd be a very wealthy person .
What is it ? mine is a Honda Accord . So what car do you drive ? me too t_laugh  .
# Where have you gone first ? # g- that's anywhere . # I'm wanting to go there . # Okay t_laugh  .
what kind of counseling do you do t_con should we stay on the topic of books ? That does soun- really good . I'm writing it down .
t_con do you tr- keep trying anyway ? I keep trying you know That's what everything turns . I've got a brown thumb .
Does it have to be a special color ? t_laugh  . I would think kind of a subdued color would be nice . t_con what else do I want  . air-conditioning and a radio A M F M and a cassette player
t_con can you dress pretty casually ? t_empty actually I wore corduroy shorts with a white blouse and flat shoes . What did I wear to work today ?
t_con was that just vacation or something ? No what type of business takes you to those climates -- during the summer .
Now being from Philadelphia I don't expect your dress code to be quite that relaxed right ? Well t_laugh actually right now I'm a full time college student That's nice . Wow .
Are they all here in the area t_empty t_con we have a little shindig with them . Wow
t_con what exactly are they going to do ? they turn them over to somebody Where they're doing this program . The Voice Recognition Program . Uh-huh .
Where's that . That's on Plano Road t_con the kids can pet animals and stuff . I think it's Owens Country Farms has a free petting you know like a farm that you can go to
Now what are they supposed to do ? They turn them loose . They're not allowed to accept any new inmates . I think I heard Fort Worth that they've been ordered to do something because their jail is so overcrowded .
yo- think space would do that much for that I think it would do something for it . Yeah We also need to assure that there's some work in the private sector .
You have mountains all around you ? no we love it . Sure is pretty up there .
Do you get any sort of discount when you use a card like that ? No . That's right . -- because you won't be able to with that .
How would you feel about sending an elderly family member to a nursing home ? Well I don't feel very good about it t_empty t_empty
Where do you usually go ? well let's see A pool is great . t_con if it's at the beach the beach is great .
Does Dallas get high humidity ? t_con is it pretty dry . Yeah . t_con you don't have to worry about the high humidity .
Not eight ounces . That would be a lot . It's one of the small bottles . How much chili sauce did you say ?
Have you been there ? I haven't . I'd like to go to New Orleans . Like I haven't been down south .
What's your favorite T V show ? You know I used to like ST . ELSEWHERE . t_empty t_empty
Well who's the running is it Sammy Smith t_con I don't know . t_con I always just assumed that he was too good for the rest of the team .
You didn't overheat it ? No . t_con it's not real early t_laugh  . -- thousand .
only the big time schools show that . Yeah . No . t_con smaller schools aren't like that
Do you have a lot of shade trees around your house t_con is it - most of the kind of plants just barely staying alive let alone make flowers . t_con June July August are you know -
How big is Provo ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
do you know who he is ? Yeah . No . Huh-uh . Do you listen to Gary Cogill ?
For East Texas or something ? Yeah Yeah t_laugh  . You're going to Commerce ?
What's that about ? A special effects man who somehow gets involved in this - t_con it F slash X . It doesn't say part one
what do you ride like a bunch of hills or pretty flat ? It varies . Yeah t_con I do it mostly for fun .
t_con do you have a family too ? I've got one little girl . t_con you're just really getting started t_laugh  . yeah .
they don't have them up there do they ? The black bear . Uh-huh . really ?
does this something that concerns you ? Well I think it does t_laugh especially because I just moved to Massachusetts and they're having real problems because they have so many police layoffs . Okay . t_empty
Well I guess that's where the title comes from then . Yeah . t_con that's pretty good actually . And then defend it .
t_con just are there normal safety belts in it that you had . No Did this car have one of these expanding balloons t_con I'll probably go back to buying them because I don't care to lease them t_laugh  .
t_con then you have to decide you know as a member of society what do I want to do with this guy who did this thing . Yeah . t_con you have to decide that is this man really guilty
t_con that was in your children's high school Uh-huh . -- in school as well as you know I presume out Uh-huh .
well where in Dallas are you ? I'm in Richardson . Okay . Yeah .
Is that good ? That's better . you're ahead of me . Uh-huh
Do you think to possibly is that it will help with the regular banks ? I don't know . uh-huh . Uh-huh
do they have one ? Yes Well and Plano Texas rather than Plano Illinois . my
t_con you're subsidizing the hospital . Right Okay . hospital here and a subportion of the hospital .
what kind of fishing do you do ? Well mostly a little fresh water fish Okay t_empty
What black ones ? # Yeah . # -- things like that . Did you really ?
t_con what religious faith ? Latter Day Saints . if I was looking for outside care I probably would stay away from professional child care centers and try to find if I was close to home relatives or people with it is same values and possibly religious faith or something similar so that she would be raised in an environment that would be similar to what we would have in our own homes as parents . t_con right now I'm all with her during the day .
Like in the European countries where they have higher turnouts ? And well the newer democracies t_con # it's going to be totally different # What about # voters in the other countries that you were talking about ? I think voters are # motivated  . . . #
do you work ? Yeah Yeah Yeah t_laugh  .
Like HIGHWAY TO HEAVEN ? Uh-huh . -- and thought he did good shows . Yeah .
So how do you feel about it ? I don't see any problem with testing for random drugs . t_empty t_empty
The university ? at it's T C J C . At what ? Uh-huh .
t_con did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line ? No . did you have to draw a line was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite .
t_con you were too young right ? I am too young yeah . t_con he was too old Okay .
t_con why have any restrictions at all ? okay . they'll get it across the border one way or the other . because it doesn't matter how restrictive you're border control points are
Well you like classical music ? Yes . and bought any or listened to much on the radio except for classical I've been in school
now was that the green t_aside some guy that was attacking women jogging ? No . Uh-huh we had a serial killer around here who killed eleven women .
Now the question is was there injustice in Vietnam Uh-huh . or Dallas I think if we see it you know we see John Wiley Price hollering injustice I think that's wrong . Uh-huh .
what is her name ? Her name's Tina  . Yeah . # Really ? #
# Well what about # required drug testing as a condition of employment ? Yeah -- I know they use that - I don't know how much the stuff actually in there
the when we came back I do not know if you have seen . I was in the super market this morning It is not worth it . Do not even bother .
That was also civil ? The other case was just traffic What was the other case ? Right .
What was one of the latest ones that you've seen actually ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
what do you do to reduce crime in a major city like D C where it's a way of life for everybody . It's would hate to have to wrestle with that problem . -- t_con of course the mayor of D C is having a real problem trying to - Uh-huh .
What kind of meals did she make that you liked ? Well she was Polish t_con I haven't gotten around to that yet So to speak
Was this in a big town or a little town ? A small town . I wouldn't put my mother father in that nursing home at all . jeez
What's your favorite color ? for a car ? -- t_laugh I would pick out one that you know t_laugh looked really nice . Uh-huh .
Plano ? Yeah In Plano . # Where do you # live ?
Well how did you go about selecting a college then ?  . Well we did not do it right all the time t_laugh  . they built a home just a couple miles from us . She's married now
Do you have a large tent Yeah Yeah . t_con I guess we just kind of came by it naturally t_laugh  .
Don't they usually tell you to say something ? I don't think so . Yeah . Are you sure ?
Did you let the can cool off ? I really do not remember Uh-huh . while my mother and I scrambled to clean everything up .
do you do garden work ? t_laugh As little as possible . All right t_empty
What kind of dining out do you like ? Well there is two kinds . Yes sir . Our lives are built around foods that we like and an- nutritionally good for us .
you do want a lot of that stuff ? Yeah But something that still has a lots of amenities and you know gadgets and things . Yeah .
wasn't that nice of him ? Yes # He # brought him from Dallas . # Oh . #
do you change much through the season t_con - it said the seasons Right .
Well do you still do much work on them then ? I do . Yeah . that's right .
All this planning and getting together and such . let's see what else . I used to you know . Oh .
Well what kind of weather are you having right now ? right now we're actually having - I'm not a big cold fan . I don't -
# what # about lesser benefits perhaps for you but for the women in the corporation . Leave ? -- you can really build up the savings and the you wouldn't otherwise do # Right .
does he get some royalties from that # hopefully ? # # I'm sure he # does t_laugh  . t_con wouldn't you think he would - t_con I've heard about him .
t_con is that quality time ? Huh they despise shopping . Fathers don't even like malls
do you have any friends that have children ? I do have friends that have children All right . Okay .
What's that ? They're giving us a lot of time t_laugh  . t_con this is a extra long one . all right  .
So are you going to get into instructing ? Well what are you studying ? Yeah . If you don't have one that's fun and not enjoy it look what she's doing the class is not going to get out what they should get out of the class .
have you heard of Nat King Cole ? Yes Have you listen - Uh-huh .
Where do you work ? What is your - okay . + a lot of my business is down there .
Do you like professional basketball ? I follow it especially around the playoffs t_laugh t_con that seems to help . t_con none of them are our alma mater
t_con are you involved with the legislature up there No that's true . yeah
t_con your car is on a ferry ? Yes . It's amazing . Uh-huh .
# t_laugh # How about yourself ? Well I've done I would say quite a bit of camping mostly with my husband and I . Well that sounds adventuresome # t_laugh  . # my word .
do you just keep it in reserve the way I'd like to try and use it is you make your purchases at prime buying time -- Well how do you use your credit card ? Oh .
Where in Dallas ? Well no in fact my mom's out there in Texas right now in Dallas spending a month with her cousins on their ranch I have some relatives out there in Texas
You know what I'm saying ? Yeah . t_con they wouldn't even see it . t_con if I used drugs last week and I had a you know job interview that I wouldn't use drugs the day before or something
What age are your children ? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them  . Uh-huh . maybe those type of products sh- be for older kids  .
Do you think that's why most rock stars nowadays keep their marriages secret or at least they keep it quiet . Probably t_con I think it's the same with your characters on T V . -- or something like that
do you pick the topic or does the computer ? No I don't know it's kind of odd they pick - right .
Well t_con you get to evaluate him though ? Well not really . Huh-uh . Supervisor evaluations have always been a tough one . Especially in my line because you know my supervisor has nothing to with my job except to make sure I get my check .
How'd they pick their people ? well I think all college players have to do an initial drug test at a certain point prior to the season -- I see . t_con it's not random .
Well do you use your P C for things other than explicit computer work ? sure . Yeah t_con that explains wha- all the computer assignments .
Hello . Hello This is strange . Yeah .
I guess you heard our conv- for today was clothing ? Yes t_empty t_empty
Have you seen DANCING WITH WOLVES ? Yeah . I'm Sharon . Hi Archie .
Where does your friend go to to recycle ? She lives in Garland t_con they haven't you know talked about doing something like that  . -- or your garbage collection
t_con he was too old t_con you were too young right ? Okay . My father was in right after World War two .
Do you all get together often ? We did when I was growing up . Right . I have got an uncle in Louisiana and another sister here in Texas .
Why is that ? t_empty Huh ? Why is that ?
r- now they have the privilege of voting with the United States don't they . # Yeah Right . t_con emotionally that the people there wanted it .
t_con it's pretty flat there ? Well it's kind of hilly how beautiful t_con it's mostly oaks
Where'd you move from ? Houston . it's just we haven't found one that we've snuggled into . like all of the stations seem to be pretty good
t_con what do you think we've gained from the spaceflights ? Well I'm not sure to be honest with you is that right ? t_con I wasn't sure how credible he was .
It's not ? That's why the price of mailing a letter keeps going up . No . it's not part of our taxes ?
Was that Arnold Schwarzenegger ? Yeah That was pretty good . I never did .
Do you have any personal feelings on the subject ? Well capital punishment is a hard thing t_empty t_empty
what do you do ? That's awful . that poor child . t_con this was four hours later you know .
do you like to exercise because you want to or because you have to ? No Uh-huh . I like swimming .
t_con how do you spell that breed ? It's B I C H O N F R I S E . Uh-huh . a lot of them stayed in the neighborhood --
What was the last book you read ? jeez # eventually # # Yeah . #
t_con how many times have you been called ? I've been called a lot you how many times have you called by the way Go ahead
Kids are out . Yep t_laugh  . What's that ? well I guess kids are out .
t_con did you go see that new Doors movie ? No Yeah . t_con that's what gets me mad .
You don't like Patsy Cline . No # You don't like Patsy Cline ? # I don't care for the older you know # like the dog left me stuff . #
Well I know one thin- I think Texas has the death penalty right ? Yes Maybe it wouldn't give other people ideas . I wish there was some way that we could change the news media so they didn't feature these way out stories .
They do ? Yeah . do you know my grandparents live in Durant ? Sherman and Denison
Are you talking about like Spring Break Right -- I do too . t_con I guess another one that I rank up there high is the kind of job flexibility and time off I enjoy as a benefit .
t_laugh  . A satellite dish ? On top of the recreational vehicles . Yeah -- satellite dish t_laugh  .
Does it bother you if your children are not interested in it ? a little bit . I beg you pardon ? Does it bother you if your children are not interested in it ?
if you're knowledgeable on that . - it's interesting though because my cars are older well what do you think if you're in that t_con now that they the inspection systems are analyzing that -
or you settled No Are you looking -- you know or five .
Where are you going to school ? N C State . I love it . It is great .
Have you seen it yet ? Yeah . I guess I've been con- it . not yet .
Your name is Lynn ? Linda . that made a nice ugly sound . Okay
Cindy you there ? Yeah . Okay t_empty
I # assume that means good for the Minnesota Well yeah # Good . People # are pretty excited about it . #
well wha- included in that ? You mean in a one bedroom ? Right # t_con # I pay more to feel safe you know .
Well now have they moved them behind Wal-Mart ? Yeah . recycle because we there is some bins like behind Wal-Mart that take some things . curbside recycling
Wouldn't it have been wonderful if we could have freed the country . Yes t_laugh  . than just quitting where we did . I agree .
can you think of another thing that you guys looked at Well those are some of the things that are very important to us too . that we were anxious to do everything we could to have you know made us be more together t_con t_con like I say we kind of felt deprived that he had been in school and been away from us for so long t_laugh
A boy and a girl ? Two boys . What kind of mix do you have ? Yeah .
Well like how does it compare to the ones in your neighborhood ? t_laugh  . Well they're middle class neighborhood . yeah . yeah
About how much do they charge to do something like that do you know ? Uh-huh . t_con you'll have a realistic assessment of what you're getting .
What about like those grocery bags ? yeah Yeah . Really ?
Where are you from in California ? Southern California . right . right
Is he a hunter and a fisher and all that . No t_con my husband and I have different hobbies . you know if you have hobbies that are the same then you know you can enjoy your hobby together
Now does your husband usually go with you then ? Yes . Yeah . t_con my kids luckily are old enough I can leave them at home alone while I go out and walk .
Did you get a catalog or something from these people ? Yes . let me ask you something . Yeah .
t_con is that how your parents feel well see it's more my grandma that feels that way . Yeah To put her in a rest home ?
t_con there is like no restriction on what types of bushes you can have or anything like that ? Right t_con they don't do it in your yard . okay .
Think we've talked long enough ? I think so t_laugh  . Yeah . Again my opinion t_laugh  .
How old are your boys ? they're grown now . -- and then they came in . Yeah .
They don't let you take guns to work do they ? No Very fine t_con how is work going ?
is it on capital crimes that they have to be unanimous Probably on capital -- see Yeah . #
Like Chapel Hill ? Yeah . Uh-huh . All you have is like towns built around universities .
What was the last comedy you saw ? gosh what was the last comedy we saw ? yeah . Yeah
Do you like the classics like GONE WITH THE WIND and you know the older movies . I'd like to see those it depends on wh- - You watch many ?
Why do you do this ? Yeah . You know why do you do this to yourself ? t_laugh I know .
Do you have a lot of land t_con - Well we've been here since sixty-six . t_con that you've -
do you think that the Soviet Union represents a threat to us ? I think they'll always represent a threat wheth- or not there's an active cold war or not . I'm going to hit the button  . go ahead
In the fuzzy logic direction ? What -- t_con it's a fun field . Yes .
do you stay not in one place too long ? No Are you transit usually ? That's even harder .
What about with adults ? Anything do any about adult crime . Yeah . but I'm sure there's something can be done .
What about tomatoes aren't they pretty hardy ? Right . I can't see the point in doing that and eating anything out of it afterwards .
t_con if you were to buy a new car now what would you look for ? like you said anti-lock brakes and air bag Right . make the car more expensive but they often add more things to repair when things go wrong .
t_con are only the same two caucuses certainly not going to win why bother voting for him . t_con I thi- that's a big reason for it . t_con the other side of the coin is people saying well if I really like the underdog candidate I still think they're not going to win That's right .
t_con doesn't that just mean they're out of tune . I'm not really sure . Yeah when was the last time you saw a truck that didn't belch smoke or -
t_con even in like they said you know lesser you know trials you know lesser convictions do you think that they should be all unanimous still ? I don't know Now that do you agree that they should all be unanimous ? I can't think of many alternatives that could be more fair than having twelve people decide although it's difficult because they all have to be new-
how about you ? Well I run a business out of my home . On occasion I can wear jeans . I wear skirts and sweaters .
you did . Okay . Well I did for many years . Well you do not have to tend to him .
t_con you knew when you moved in you'd have to pay that didn't you ? Well it went up what we pay . -- t_con t_con that way if someone moves out the entire neighborhood is mowed and watered and that kind of thing you know . Uh-huh .
What do you do ? What kind of work do you do ? in addition to all the technical stuff . Yeah .
Who's that ? t_empty Right now I've got it narrowed down to the top four teams . I'm not sure who they play .
t_con how are they supposed to you know teach their kids that are coming up you know what's going on . Yeah . You know that they're don't know what's going on True .
rea- where did you go to school in Indiana ? Purdue . speaking for this area of the country . Uh-huh .
Do you work to T I ? Uh-huh . Yeah . t_con he's living in Sherman .
aren't they pretty hardy ? we've tried them What about tomatoes Right .
You think we've talked a long enough time ? t_empty It's not ending is it t_laugh  ? t_con when you get through with your own you've got grandchildren
I think you are earlier than we are as a rule aren't you ? Your s- starts a lot earlier than ours . How about Pennsyl- - Yeah .
t_con it was great ? -- I traveled with a group of sixteen other students . t_con I took the trip . I could have had that or a down payment on a new car
What type of area is that # It's more rural # I work in Rome well I actually live in a Village of Sylvan Beach
t_con you vote for the Democrats Yeah Okay t_con I'm not sure how much that holds true anymore
Do you live in Plano or work in Plano or both ? Both . t_empty t_empty
you said you did cycling ? Yeah . What else did you - t_laugh Well that's kind of interesting hobby .
You would ? Sure Sure . right ?
Is that for designs t_con is that for the regular seam in the fabric okay . It's has four threads instead of the regular basic two threads .
Well do you think this Well not really great . Yeah
How's he handling that ? he'd much rather be living alone in his apartment down in Florida . t_con they do have you know group activities going on . Uh-huh .
Do you ? I don't understand the idea of paying somebody to do it . Yeah . So I always do my own income tax you know .
How do you feel about that ? I don't feel we should loan them money . Well what about sending all this money overseas supporting other governments third world governments . t_con I don't think Americans are willing to do it .
So do you watch much T V Well I watch more now because well I had been going to school for years and have really been too busy -- Yeah Well he could very well be t_laugh  .
Have you noticed that ? I tell you what I don't think I really have Right along in there somewhere suddenly the air feels cleaner . -- on just this side of the county line  .
You probably wondered # Yeah . Oh t_laugh  . I'm actually in a mall calling
I don't know if you've seen those advertised on T V . Uh-huh . I just bought myself a solo flex machine I haven't decided whether I want to play yet or not
Which album do you think is the best ? I don't know . -- t_con I really enjoy listening to his music . Uh-huh .
t_con what do you think of the Texas weather ? Not as nice as California t_laugh  . From California . From ?
What's that ? I dropped the phone t_laugh  . you all drive at fifty-five don't you ? t_laugh It would be really nice because I'm kind of tired of driving in pot holes t_laugh  .
Did you hear our topic ? It's in regards to discussing homes . t_empty t_empty
# So t_con # what does you husband do now ? he is an engineer < if we had one .
I'm curious what was your graduate study in ? t_empty # from the spread pattern of hepatitis they could work backwards to the transmission by blood and semen . # Yeah . #
Now this is a LeBaron ? yeah I like that . t_con I like the driver's air bag
t_con do you just have two kids we have a eighteen year old seventeen year old and a seven year old . It sure is . Yeah  .
So what is your opinion on drug testing ? Well I can see it in certain cases where it might be somebody's in a position that perhaps a lot of lives are involved like maybe pilots that you know fly jets Okay . t_empty
what else could they do to make it better . t_empty Yeah . I don't think our news could be better .
What division you all in ? what ? t_con t_laugh that part of it would probably work out  . t_con T I is up there
Do you like it ? Yeah we almost bought one of those . Uh-huh
Is that what was yours more like ? Yeah -- Uh-huh . if you're going to go to a college where student faculty ratio is three and four hundred to one I don't think you're going to have as meaningful of a college experience as if you're down to the thirty to forty to one .
That's a problem isn't it ? Yeah . If you knew what you were getting when you voted - # more to the # point .
You're from Virginia ? I'm from Texas . t_con it's not been bad at all . Uh-huh .
Say you did starters and bendix springs such as that on an old one . Yeah t_empty t_empty
And have you had experience with cars other than the ones you have ? Well yeah But we really liked that . Uh-huh .
Are they ? Yeah -- Well they're doing good tonight . Really ?
Do Well I don't understand economics that well . t_con it's pretty scary . We have lots and lots of layoffs here . Lot of companies folding lot of layoffs
well what's your opinion about capital punishment ? Well Cathy I think that capital punishment certainly has a place in our society maybe from the sense that there are some things that we just can't afford to have repeated even in the remote chance of repetition . Okay t_empty
Have you ? t_con I have never tried it . I have heard about that . that has vinegar and egg in it
How about yours ? It's pretty normal for this year you know it was just overcast and rainy for the next two or three days straight . t_con it had thunder and lightning
Wha- sort of company do you work for ? Do you work for a big or a little place ? t_empty t_empty
Do have somebody teach you that Well actually I known how to sail pretty much my whole life . # Yeah like those catamarans are pretty fast .
what about Hawaiian luau . that would be good . Let's see what else for catering .
so what else do you think is important ? that's maybe the majority of the importance I guess . Yeah Uh-huh .
Has it gotten better ? yeah I haven't seen it in a couple of months Huh-uh .
what convinced you to get that one ? t_empty Uh-huh I got a nineteen ninety-three Cavalier station wagon .
Vietnam ? And from Vietnam . Uh-huh . t_con most of the guys I work with are veterans .
I say you take the newspaper . Uh-huh . I've got one question for you . Uh-huh .
you know what's the trade off there - would you advise a private school or a public school that's like what we were saying though
What kind of paint ? It was a latex paint This wasn't must have not been a very good quality because it just hasn't stood up very well . I used the wrong kind of paint .
What did they want to charge you for it ? well it was about seven hours labor . Yeah . t_con I had taken this in to have it done originally .
-- t_con Do you own a gun ? No . Uh-huh . I don't know if Dallas is in the top three --
Wha- are you taking in school # I'm sorry . # Yeah t_con there's got to be a lot of potential down there .
You want to go ahead and start talking about whether you budget # t_laugh  ? # # Yes . # How are you ? Okay t_laugh  .
Who is the competition going to be ? Well it's supposed to be the Redskins but you know we beat them already . t_con everybody is really excited . Now it's like you know tough and dirty team
How about yourself ? we have two and another one on the way . I got three . yeah .
how does University of New Hampshire handle it ? Well we have two different plans that we can subscribe to under dental depending I'm not sure -- t_con I'm not sure that's widely followed any more .
Now it's very wooded around where you are there lots of pretty trees and - Uh-huh . -- they settle sort of in-between .
t_con you get together once a year . Yeah . it really is Wow
Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the buyer and the seller ? t_empty How do you feel about that ? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me .
Do you work ? Yes Okay . t_empty
t_con a lot more games right ? Yeah t_con they play a lot longer season too . yeah .
What do you use to keep from sliding off that rascal ? Well t_laugh you wear shoes with good traction and try to remember where you are at all times t_laugh  . parts of it are steeper than others . it's pretty steep .
not a whole lot of forestry down there is there ? No t_laugh I don't know t_laugh  . I think it's called a job
What kind of vacation spots are there in Colorado ? Rocky Mountain National Park . Yeah . Really ?
What about your casual wear ? Do you like to wear jeans most of the time ? uh-huh . accessories
Now was this a one parent or two parent family ? one parent . t_con they were they just keep you going t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
t_con do you get yours through a bank ours is through a bank yeah . * Do you have an annual fee on yours Right .
Do you use them frequently Well we when we have like extra money that we know we're going to have and we can put it in our budget yeah we'll use it . Right . -- at least that's one number for this range of numbers I have heard .
t_con it's not pushing it real hard like you know if you tried to make six or something like that . yeah . Oh . t_con I am pretty winded by the time I get done .
t_con what do you think of our trial system ?  . I don't really know what to think about it t_empty t_empty
t_con what is big today . Well you're right . yeah . That's true
Well did they have a T V movie about him ? I'm not sure if they had one yet his name is Arthur  . yeah
Where did you go ? I - I don't know Yeah
Dee are you familiar with the Latin American policies ? Yeah Okay t_empty
# Is that right and wrong ? # -- generally speaking pretty true . Yes By the same token most cases women have the jobs with the same responsibility of men who have been there before but at lower salaries .
wasn't that Fishbone . Yeah . who was on the music people No
Kind of like the cowboys Yeah t_con they screwed up the last couple of games . t_con they were in a shot to make the play-offs
t_con is it passed ? I do believe that's in . t_con p- I knew it was there
t_con what does it cost these people over there you know . Absolutely . -- you know we've got so many domestic problems I agree .
t_con you all actually had some color yeah I think it was an especially good winter for fall colors . our leaves are all on the ground now .
Wouldn't it be something to have a World Series between Da- the Rangers and the Astros . wouldn't it though t_laugh  . They sure are . They really are .
Well where do you take those things ? Well the glass and the newspaper we usually take to Walmart . -- and newspaper right now . Uh-huh .
What school you going to ? I'm at East Carolina . t_con I've really been faithful these past two months of going to the health club and working out t_con I haven't really gone
t_con do you play golf at all ? Yeah great . Okay
you don't like Howse # # # No # I really # wish they could see fit to get rid of Howse . he seemed to know what he was doing
Well how did you get involved in that ? Just like sewing and stuff and decided to buy a pattern and try to make a doll . # well . # t_con I just make clothes for my dolls .
Real hard ? Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Is that a tough system to be in ?
Including a printer ? Well actually I wasn't including a printer No . You're kidding .
Is it been pretty commercialized I suppose ? No got down here that - Right .
Is that right ? And of all varieties . # Well no . it's a lot different in I-
do you know John Qumenato ? Yeah . In fact we have - t_con we hire an orchestra at least twice a year and then different instrumentalists off and on through out the year .
Do you have children ? No -- that's best way to avoid trouble from what I can gather . Right .
Do you want to hear about my other animals I've had ? Sure well that's a nice story . -- that's why we call her Liberty .
are you a musician yourself ? well I sing . do you ha- - t_con let me go ahead and push one here .
Have you ever been to like New Mexico ? no actually . Uh-huh . it's probably the most exciting place I'll ever get to go .
t_con you go back and visit with her anyway . Would you not ? Yes . t_con is your mother still living ?
t_con when you were growing up and they weren't around what did you do ? We were all pretty close when we were younger . I don't you know - Yeah .
what do you think about it ? t_empty Okay t_empty
And that the penalty ought to be out there and be enforced ? Yes . Well I ju- feel like there's a lot of murderers and rapists and everything else just walking the streets . You know ? how do you feel that it should be applied ?
So you have a son ? I have an older son t_empty t_empty
You're doing the newspapers and the glass ? Uh-huh . t_con you're doing that now ? # The kids # keep those t_laugh  .
what were your selection criteria . Did you base it on what you wanted to major in or what you would feel comfortable with or what you could afford The reason I ask if you went to college is I thought well you know - Yes .
What color is it ? It's pink . I don't know how else to explain it . -- t_con it just looks dingy .
How about you ? Well we have a cat Uh-huh t_laugh  . -- except for the cat .
Do they sometimes make a recommendation ? yes Yes . Make a recommendation ?
# Would you then go ha- # hiking . would the camping be part of a long hike ? t_con you don't want them up that early . # When you have a small child because they don't want to get up at three in the morning t_laugh #
t_con how long have you been biking ? I guess as an adult for just about the past three years or so  . Uh-huh . see a little bit of Texas I've never seen before .
And does that mean like flus and everything else there are all these different strains of it ? Oh . #conference# where people are saying well but in my country it's you know like this . #Uh-huh .#
It's their right by freedom of speech ? Yeah . you just said it . Yeah .
She just recently started working then . t_empty Uh-huh . she didn't up until the last six months .
t_con you know what ? What ? -- sometimes it's just spouse and me . I know .
A T S ? Uh-huh . A T S Computers . here it is .
What is your situation ? Well I'm guess I don't have su- close experience with an area becoming a state as you do . t_con I have a suspicion that I believe that a statehood is a good idea whenever you have a territory the size of Puerto Rico one ought t_con to make it a full-fledged state t_con let it go one or the other . I know that all the things that happened relative to that territory in Alaska have been very positive
t_laugh Do you work during the week outside the home ? Yes So would I t_laugh  . I had rather be outside than inside any day .
t_con they're doing this in school or what ? Yes . One is thirteen and one is eleven . How old are they ?
# What # part of California # are you from ? # # San Jose # California . # yeah . # t_con in Orlando there's getting to be a bigger problem than ever
What type of home do you have in Dallas ? We have a four bedroom split brick home in Richardson actually . Okay . All righty .
do you also get dental ? Yes . sometimes I think it's more important t_laugh than salary . # Right . #
I don't know if you've heard about it a few years ago they said you know before they had the shoulder strap thing where it was just like a seat belt that goes across your waist ? Yeah . t_con just like me I always think well you know these things must be safe maybe you don't
t_con who knows how it's supposed to all end t_laugh  . Uh-huh t_laugh  . Right . I have come to respect a little bit more the you know what went on here
I don't know whether you did yours . # Right . # Yeah . t_con I'm always very careful when I change hoses on it .
I guess vegetables are in pots and stuff ? No Have you tried any like fruits and vegetables or anything ? t_con that's probably my problem there .
-- t_con wonder if the insurance companies are fighting the national health t_con wonder if they're wanting it . Yeah . that's helped bunches --
What kind of consulting do you do ? t_empty we decided not to get the which is actually another loaner one too that we picked up for a consulting job that my husband was doing no we don't have the -
Have you fly fished ? no I've never fly fished . I think I've been trout fishing once .
Why not . t_con European I don't ha- any I don't like Japanese cars Of course everything has Japanese parts in them anymore .
Now that's for individual . Yeah shoot it's only about ten bucks a month . how much is it a month ?
How about your - She does it all now for about ten years Well that's great . t_con I've been happy ever since .
-- so it's not J C Whitney or somebody like that . No -- somewhere . Um --
Well what about the lighting ? Did it make a big difference ? that understands colors would know all of that stuff Yeah .
were you at Baylor ? t_con I just didn't take as much advantage of it as I should have . Yeah t_con I had all these classes and all this knowledge and this big library across the street from my dorm
What can we do about crime ? I don't know . Okay . Okay .
Was that here in Dallas ? they had it everywhere t_con they showed all five in a row . I actually went to the STAR TREK twenty fifth anniversary marathon that happened about a month ago
By themselves I mean . yeah Yeah The ones that blink off and on .
you know having a lot of difficulty surviving the question is would they be better off under communism . Yeah . Well when you take a situation where I think in particular in Salvador where there is a significant under class I can't see communism in that country carrying on past him .
t_laugh Don't you like cats ? Well I like cats . t_laugh They know I don't like it . that's the boys .
Do you do Tex-Mex ? yeah t_con I don't have gourmet foods t_laugh  . t_con I don't know how to do that
you were tested for drugs as you got into T Right let's see do you have any idea -
Well well how was he killing the women . he was strangling some of them . t_con he was just on trial like maybe a year ago . he was -
Is the Kmart there ? t_laugh  . t_laugh we do have Kmart here Which is just forty-five miles from where I am in a suburb of Dayton . Oh .
what would be the first thing you'd cut ? Defense ? # What # would you start cutting f- I would say there # has # -
how about you ? Well the last car we bought was American because of that reason t_con you know I'm not so totally hung up on that that I wouldn't buy something else Yeah .
Well especially don't you have what a lot of salt on the ground ? Yeah Uh-huh . Lot of snow and a lot of cold .
Notre Dame t_laugh  ? No . Who- that ? You probably wouldn't like my favorite team in college then .
t_con what about you ? I went to the University of Minnesota . -- t_con t_con U of M seemed overwhelming in size Uh-huh .
well have you any plans to maybe expand or move onward ? N- really We've been in it six years .
What do you think's going to happen there . The break ups ? t_con how about the Soviet Union . Absolutely .
Do you know who it was about ? well I went to seminar on - Like I say haven't done it in such a long time . Well how about who -
# How do you feel # about it ? I guess I got to say if that's the subject do I feel that we're well enough equipped to - Tom Brokaw . # Sort of alternately . # Yeah .
Is this your first baby ? Uh-huh . t_con I just don't have the patience to just you know do something . I only can do things that are pretty fast because we just got our baby last year
that will sound wonderful won't it ? t_laugh Well P H D in human factors . lord .
I don't know if you are familiar with that . Yeah The only thing I do now is put the data into Quicken . the question was kind of interesting to me because I was just trying to put together a long term financial plan and monthly budget .
Do you listen to much live music like concerts or things there ? No Pardon me ? do you go to listen to much live music ?
What about you ? Well it's funny Uh-huh . t_con I haven't done a lot of exercise on purpose .
You don't ? No I don't . No
do you want to start t_con should I start ? okay . t_con I live in Raleigh North Carolina .
yeah ? Yeah . I like Philadelphia Eagles . I grew up in Dallas but I'm still not a Cowboys' man .
#Now # did you cut a quarter wedge in this ? I'd say it's about an eighth . Right . t_con getting the other one out without the slice now flying in your face was something you had to think about t_laugh  .
are you ? Yeah . Well we're doing it for a church choir I'll sit down here and call it t_laugh  .
that ought to give their programming trouble shouldn't it ? t_empty Uh-huh . Uh-huh .
Did you have shrimp ? they show all this wonderful seafood and great big prawns you know the big shrimp yeah . Yeah
Do you have any pets now ? I sure do t_empty t_empty
you know what I mean . Yeah . t_con I feel like if that was presented more openly and not just relying upon and para-church ministry to come in and do it that the system itself - it reeks of the BIBLE just the whole thing
You think my daughter would like it ? well there are one spot that was just a little bit on the gory side . Yeah . t_con I can see that .
Ho- old are your kids again ? They're two and one . -- I spend a lot of time with them  . # I see . #
You cook them so often you kind of forget their names . That's right I forgot t_laugh what it's called what's it called
t_con that way just create more jobs or whatever ? Well at some point there will be enough jobs for most of the ab- Americans . what I was thinking more along the lines of is start going to space . t_laugh t_con that's not going to work
Where's that at ? That's at Skillman and L B J -- No . Have you tried Mother Mesquites ?
A sabbatical  . t_empty t_con I am just taking a little bit of time off right now . my .
t_con how often do find yourself going ? on a regular basis how often do you go ? t_con it's fun . t_con no big deal .
A grand jury or - well let's see it was municipal court -- Was it civil or criminal ? I was kind of boring .
Do you find that t_con does it come mostly from industry up there ? It's really a serious issue for those of us up in this sector up here . Right .
What do you think about the way the criminal justice system handles trials ? Well you know they tell you that you get tried by a jury of your peers -- t_empty t_empty
Well who wants to clean their junk before they throw it away t_laugh  . t_laugh That's right Right . selecting you know clean junk as they say .
Is he a programmer ? Uh-huh . I don't understand half the stuff he does t_con then he switched jobs .
My voice you mean ? Yeah . Well sounds like you're from up north . uh-huh .
wh- do you think of the current trends of how other people spend time with their children # and so forth ? # # I think the trends are going back to spending more time with families . # t_laugh Well tell me Sometimes I'm a little exhausted # t_laugh  . #
Well speaking of that kind of issue have you kept up with John Wiley Price ? Yeah . t_con he obviously failed somewhere along the line . t_pause probably so just because they were under his authority
t_con what were we trying to do . Who knows . We lost lives t_con what did we do .
Well how large is Williams ? Williams is an undergraduate school only -- At Pennsylvania . At Pennsylvania .
When do you get out ? probably be another twelve years . if I do do it it will be after I get out of the Navy . t_con you know most of the Navy funds that I probably won't do it until I -
# Do # you usually go out with the children or without them ? Well a variety . Uh-huh . t_con sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad .
How long ago ? eighty-six . Yeah Oh .
the computer was supposed to have two . Well it has them no t_con we tried to figure out whether we could put three in because we really need to be able to put at least three in .
# Like a hologram ? # t_empty no . # no
I guess the weather hasn't been too different between us . No Exactly . t_laugh Well we can complain together or swear we can complain together about the humidity t_laugh  .
What's the most expensive one you bought ? The most expensive . Well that's neat . They all play different songs .
so what would be the your favorite meal to cook ? t_laugh None to cook . t_empty t_empty
Well how do you feel about the immigration laws ? currently I think they are a little restrictive . particularly for certain ethnic groups or from certain countries . t_empty t_empty
Do you have family who were in the Vietnam War ? no . No ? no .
t_laugh What kind do I like ? I like just about any kind except country and western . Okay who do you like ? t_laugh  .
Sounds like you're very respon- Uh-huh . t_con I pay it all off t_con I use my Visa for as much as I can
how old are you ? Thirty-eight . Well let me ask a personal question t_con I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit  .
You didn't get any government classes ? Huh-uh . not really . Right .
Is that what you think ? Yeah Yeah . t_con it just seems like if you're strictly middle income it seems like you get hit the worst .
why one were you going to recommend ? Well there's so many places here you know -- that's one of the few - Oh .
Do you have that there ? t_empty Yeah . Well here in Colorado it's even worse because we have no fault .
You mean you use credit cards ? do I . My favorite subject t_laugh  . credit cards .
have you tried matching paint lately ? No t_con that wasn't too bad . Yeah .
t_con your wife's folks still live in Colorado ? Yeah . They're all yours I know .
they must have pretty good severance though I don't know Is it - there's always laying people off which is another benefit that you can have other than salary is trade that off for security .
t_laugh Where did you cry . let's see t_con each was about half an hour long It was telling a friend I said I only cried twice
Have you read THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ? No . That's true . yeah t_laugh  .
Do you all just start planning real far ahead of time ? Pardon . Oh # t_con to make one successful what do you all do .
How do you feel about the Viet Nam war ? well you know I guess it's pretty deep feelings t_empty t_empty
What do you think as far as air pollution in the Dallas area ? Well I have some small experience in this area . Okay . I'm in Richardson .
Have you heard of them ? No . # # uh-huh . I work for a little start-up company here in Pittsburgh called Trans Ark . # #
t_con how do think we've changed in the last ten to twenty years ? I'm at a little bit of a loss Okay t_empty
How about yourself ? I just saw the latest one . I found that out t_laugh  . No
Do you tend to buy more recycled items that if something the pack says recycled and something else doesn't ? would you tend to chose the one that does Uh-huh . You know maybe it's making an impact t_laugh  .
What limits ought to be put on it do you think ? t_empty let's answer the second half of the question . it's horrible .
I don't know how hard is it in the public school system in Iowa City ? Is it deteriorated a lot . you must see kids with real significant problems in some cases . -- that weren't existent
You think they'll sign Ruben ? t_empty I'm telling you . A little disappointing the last few years .
Do you think that in the case of the one that you've actually had some experience with that the people who operate it seem to have what you'd perceive of as genuine concern ? I think yeah It's must be depressing to walk the halls and see t_con again it must be depressing for the people who are just e- not able to take care of themselves in their own house but certainly have retained all of their mental skills and so on .
t_con you know what scares me about Golden Retrievers ? t_empty both the half breed and the pure breed had the what I consider the the perfect disposition . t_con they both you know -
do they get from other insurance companies t_con how does that work ? who - # Sure . # That's what they buy insurance for .
Is it then the chance that the employer will look at you in more of a negative fashion and say well you know this is kind of iffy you know are they really on drugs you come out positive . t_con you've been on medication or whatever
t_con you're still on the makings of it ? The Sherman facility we are still in the closer too but still have a little bit of finalization to do . - Now is that place built t_con it's a full time everybody has their home phone number type of job .
Well how old are you ? twenty seven . I've been out of Texas about ten years . How long have you been in Raleigh ?
I don't know if you have a satellite dish or not . We don't -- You know that's certainly made it nice for other purpose . I appreciate having the satellites .
Are you a native Pennsylvanian ? Yes we have a cousin that lives in Philadelphia Okay .
What about yourself ? Huh . Uh-huh . t_con that's make up most of the laboratory
what percentage of corporations and private industry do you think use drug testing ? I think it's more frequent now . what do you think Uh-huh .
God knows why we hold it on Tuesdays . t_empty t_con one of the reasons that we could get one of the reasons that it is lower in the United States is that mostly we hold it on Tuesdays . Uh-huh .
t_con if they have new evidence can they retry t_con can they you know bring you back . I don't know the law on that I wonder if maybe you know -
In like qual- or sort of an orientation in terms of like view point or the way the news is presented or whatever ? I think that it has to do with - In what way ? I'd like to say that I'm overwhelmingly disappointed with the media in general except for the raw news wires  .
t_con how much money did that cost Dallas to fight that in court . t_con all the things that Dallas fights costs thousands probably millions of dollars I bet you . guess I sympathetic with the kids t_con they went to court
When you say you're in the second phase of this project what is the second phase of it ? I'm not sure t_con they enjoyed in thoroughly . Uh-huh .
What is your state income tax rate is ? no -- for your state . I will agree to that .
t_laugh Have you thought about that ? No I don't t_laugh know t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
Where are you ? Well I'm in Texas . I live in Texas now . Where do you live now ?
how it's just so many -- - what Who's going to run it you know
Did you see the end of it ? No . Uh-huh . t_con it had such a good story too .
who would steal a newspaper ? You would be surprised . Gosh that's pretty bad to me . t_con I live in kind of a bad area where if I have the paper delivered it's stolen before I can get out and get it t_laugh  .
What else do you like ? let's see I like a lot of different shows . Okay . yeah .
did you just buy a car t_con are you in the market to buy a car Well what kind of car - t_empty
-- t_con how do you get to another world you know ? t_con I don't even know what they're talking about . Yes . t_laugh Different worlds --
why not . He was eating the dirt It's healthy That's right .
Do you have to watch what you eat pretty regularly ? I do . Uh-huh . If I eat very much sugar boy just does something .
t_con like does insurance pay for the body damage Right . Uh-huh . than most .
Which shows do you watch on T V ? I use tapes . I have a cassette . Okay .
Where are you at ? U T D . t_con I have a friend Well I kn- know I'm going to school right now
t_con did you experience that with your father or not ? we had a care somewhat like what you're talking about . Yeah -- exactly .
Have you s- had any snow up your way ? No t_empty t_empty
do you live right in the city itself ? No especially around cities . Uh-huh .
Of the Stones ? Yeah . I don't like the new stuff . I like the old Rolling Stones .
Are you in Texas ? No Yeah . t_con it seems to be going okay .
Have you made them ? Yeah . yeah . a friend gave me a recipe that I really like for chicken enchiladas .
Does have a happy ending Yeah I loved it . It's really good .
t_con they just brought food with them ? Uh-huh . out on the ground . # How # nice .
But that's all they check for they don't check how good - But in this state we have to uh pay eight dollars and a half and go to a an emission station once a year and get every one of our cars checked that are have been made starting in nineteen seventy-three . uh that's something that you'd have to just check with your authorities .
wouldn't that be something . yeah . That's right we might actually get to go to a World Series
Well how many bedrooms do you have in your home ? I have a master bedroom and a den on the main floor just to air-condition it Yeah
however the question is is that making the difference . I don't know . there's no question that they have you know all kinds of cradle to grave programs welfare programs providing for everyone some way . Yes
t_con is the company now well represented demographically at the higher echelons ? t_empty on other fronts uh-huh .
So who's your favorite team ? Who do you think ? Okay . t_empty
Was that the animated version ? Yeah t_con this one was excellent . t_con it didn't get as good a reviews as like the LITTLE MERMAID their last one and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year .
Is it deteriorated a lot . Do the people say - I don't know how hard is it in the public school system in Iowa City ? you must see kids with real significant problems in some cases .
So how long are we suppose to talk for ? Well you can talk for ten minutes Uh-huh . being told what to do is worse .
Well your from Indiana yeah . have a southern accent ? Why You must be native Texan ?
You've been through the fun part t_laugh  . yeah . t_con we had five . Well twenty-seven up .
Where do you get most of your news ? I watch the MACNEIL LEHRER news hour t_empty t_empty
got kids ? No . Yeah Make a mean spaghetti huh ?
What have you seen lately ? actually have been to the movies Well I guess I will have to see it then . Uh-huh .
How about you ? Well I can hardly wait for my morning paper to come . uh-huh . Uh-huh
t_con what are you supposed to do with them . t_empty You're supposed to what . like yesterday I was tell him you have to squeeze the plastic jugs t_laugh before you take them up there .
t_con if you have to you know how do you make sure I'm sure when you make your appointment and go by everybody puts on a happy face it really concerns me that first of all that anyone could let someone live like that In fact here in Baltimore they've actually shut a couple of them down and taken all the people out of them because they were so bug infested and rat infested .
Do you use a lot of credit cards or your checking account when you go out and buy things ? Checking account a lot not so much credit cards . Okay . We're starting our kids a little bit early .
what activities do you do when you're camping ? we take little nature hikes -- in the morning Sure .
Have you had yours now ? Yes . Right . t_con I'm so glad when they brought out those recycling bins .
So what do you think is the worst culprit for air pollution ? Well I think it's probably a combination of things . Okay . t_empty
How are your lakes they've been getting cleaner . That seems a little ridiculous . Yeah .
t_con that helped you think ? # It certainly # makes acceptance of different ideas a lot easier . yes . You had real world experience in the middle there .
How did you like Africa ? Well I liked it . Yeah . Yeah .
That could be a complicated too couldn't it . yeah . That kind of thing . Yeah .
Trying to figure out what all that was about t_laugh  . Yeah . Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged t_laugh  . t_laugh Got a problem
What's his name again ? Peretti yeah . oriented
see am I good or what ? Yeah . Yeah that's really good .
but I guess it didn't pan out huh ? Yeah Well I noticed on the weather map on uh cable network that there was supposed to be a storm front moving into California and on down your way and they're not predicting any for the next uh week anyway up here
How can you really deal with an environment where you're going to lose everything . Forty deaths . They're a bunch of animals you know . Hey the b- person is going to take a look at that and say suspicions confirmed .
He didn't eat flies . No he didn't eat flies . No
Did you ? -- yeah about six months ago I started -- Yeah
Well maybe they just moved away and then sort of lost contact . I don't know . I'm quite a bit older than you are . I see .
do you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas . Yeah it's just not very comfortable it's not that it's just hot or dry
any experiences you've had at work ? No . Nothing that you felt that you know - -- you know .
well Rochester is like right on the shores isn't it ? Yeah Yeah t_con if you know where Lake Ontario is sort of . -
What about you ? Well we have this philosophy we use it when we go off somewhere Yeah . t_con the last couple of years I really have tried not to use them at all .
Do you have one ? Yeah I think they're maybe going to give us a state income tax . What do you think the outcome will be ?
t_con that's a bit of a drive for you there . Yes . In Arizona . now where do they live ?
Do we get enough news or something like # that ? # # Yeah . if it said that . I feel I'm well enough equipped . I don't know
do you have any pets now ? Well we don't right now Okay t_empty
# What # - # Christmas I got a pasta machine good idea . t_con that is what I'm having is pasta .
Do you like Southwestern ? yeah . I make it a habit of always going out to Pasta Oggi's which is right down there in Ad- - Italian is fine .
Well how long do you cook the meatballs t_empty t_con it gives it a bit of a different consistency That kind of a gravy or a sauce that comes with a lot of that They use corn starch instead of flour in all of their sauces and gravies
t_con how about like on the weekends . Do you do sports Yeah So there's always something .
Have you ever heard of Leading Edge ? Yeah . # t_con you know it's like for example like Leading Edge . Well you know that's big # thing . #
What do you have there ? t_empty How about you ? Isn't that awful t_laugh  .
Do they like to listen to other people recollect though ? My grandmother doesn't t_laugh  . and they have such a memory . and they will just go on and on with these stories
is that mostly fly fishing when you're doing that What ? Well I've been - Yeah .
what's in it for her . Yeah I know Well I don't see how he couldn't be you know .
What school system does he go to ? In North Garland # That's right . # # Yes . #
t_con do you have plans for any other camping trips in the near future ? t_empty # t_con that was nice . # Trunk # of your car all time right . #
Married ? No . Right  . t_con I work at Medical Treatment Center which is at Garl- and Arapaho .
Well like what ? Well let's see . my card and desires tend to be pretty picky yet I don't know wh- I would buy Saturn or not at this point .
you ready to discuss the topic ? What's the topic ? Okay t_empty
do you t_laugh  . -- t_con I love music . I have totally a tin ear -- It is wonderful .
Every day ? Yeah . t_con it's came from California where social change is like you know - I seen a social change
Do you hope to have children t_con are you not planning on having any -- that's neat . Uh-huh .
are they really good ? Yeah t_con I've never tried it You know I've seen that so many times strawberries dipped in chocolate
You said you retired I just happen to have a person that I happened to do some planning for this morning How many Yes .
is it Chicago and - Chicago and let's see Golden State and the Lakers and Chicago and Philadelphia who's going I don't know
Does your mother have Alzheimer's ? well who knows . Uh-huh . Uh-huh .
How old are your kids ? Are they married or what ? t_laugh They want to be with their friends . -- t_con they don't want to know us .
How about the other four who went ? the other ones she chose where she wanted to t_con they build and rebuild non jet engines . t_con right now of course he's working for Pratt and Whitney in Connecticut
The U S involvement in there then I guess even though . - Now that's all over with you know . Let's talk about the Middle East situation . Okay
What kind do you have now ? Uh we have a a Mazda nine twenty nine and a Ford Crown Victoria and a little two seater C R X . Okay . So uh probably we'll be in at least a midsize four door sedan .
# t_con she had no help ? # Pardon ? # The were almost all boys . # t_con I just think it was way too much .
t_con a house somewhere what would you get ? well first off we'd probably wind up with a cat or maybe a puppy . Well I was wondering what if you all were to get a pet like if you were to move into an apartment That works out real well .
That was what twelve years ago I guess . Right . Okay . well I was high school in nineteen seventy-nine
t_con was it a dolphin or a torpedo . t_laugh You remember that ? Gulf of Tonkin resolution - -- thi- of force that .
do you drink adult beverages ? Yeah I don't know I think the other thing that's interesting is that a lot of our stuff is already changed that we haven't -
What's that ? North Carolina State . N C State . Where are you going to school ?
t_con do you cook for others ? Mostly I just cook for myself . do you cook for yourself Yeah .
Defense ? Surprisingly no . what would be the first thing you'd cut ? # What # would you start cutting f-
Well you can believe that anyway right . Yeah . Well I hope so . Probably the more you pay though the better the machine you have .
t_con is it real high up there ? no What kind of insurance do you have up there Yeah .
well if you're ready then I'll just go ahead and start . Okay Great Yeah .
t_con do you think it's because women aren't qualified or want the job or just aren't hired for the jobs . None of the above t_laugh  . Uh-huh . Uh-huh .
t_con each of these had an annual fee also right . Exactly . t_con the more you use them the more they send them to you . uh-huh .
What about yourself ? Well I'm also in Dallas . okay . I'm in Dallas Texas .
t_con how long had he been a-  ? How long was that ? -- you know it was the best defense they could come up with . Yeah .
t_con where did you go ? I went to a small liberal arts college in Virginia . I did . Yes
t_con you only have the the stepdaughter at home ? Yes . I'm sure it does . Yeah
What are you interested in ? t_laugh Whatever my husband buys # t_laugh  . # Nice car . Yeah .
You have the seven day waiting period . Uh huh . the delay - currently being discussed nationally and whatever is very well supported here in gun control avenues
You're going to Commerce ? Yeah t_laugh  . okay . So we're in Garland .
Do you have an idea of how much . No t_con I don't know . I don't know how much it changed in the last twenty years anyway .
What islands did you go to ? We went to Oahu and Kauai . t_con we just went to two islands . Uh-huh .
Your news is on at eleven ? Yes . I tend to if nothing else is in the town television at eleven o'clock just to watch the news and or NIGHTLINE or something just sort of get a good think for the day . always right before the news is when I catch them .
is it the one that needs more supervision that has a bad influence on the older or more mature one ? Of course . t_con it's the one that's going downhill - yeah .
is the one year old a boy ? No Yeah t_laugh trying to do everything he does .
That Amelia Earhart -hart School there ? no I think I do . yes
Do you go to museums in Europe ? actually no Yeah Uh-huh .
t_con what do you look for when you - t_empty Now we wouldn't have that problem t_laugh because we're not vegetarians . Yeah .
a boy or ? - One of each . Oh Two .
Why is that ? Do you know ? Wow . This is one of the most highly taxed areas in the country .
How about you ? Yeah . t_con I am not real current on films . t_con I see some that way .
Did you ? I always liked him I thought Carter was good too I thought he was great .
Do you come by it naturally ? Was your parents that musical ? Uh-huh . a little bit .
Well do you have time to read the paper in the morning ? Well not in the morning If I get busy t_laugh I don't get a chance to pick it up like this week I noticed several copies have been un- t_con I try to look at it .
just because yo- don't like to or because you won't be able to . I'm afraid I won't be able to . t_con I don't know if I'll be able to do it . I want to run
Did someone just come up with this design t_con you're going to make one for yourself there's mosquito patterns there's wasp patterns there's grub patterns . Uh-huh .
t_con you go back to New York after school ? no Uh-huh . I'm only up here for school .
Do you use them a lot ? Well it kind of comes and goes I probably have one of every credit card there is . Yeah .
do you have a wok though ? Yeah t_con I just haven't gotten around to it yet . I've been wanting to take an oriental cooking class
What do you think on the local elections though ? I think on the local elections it's actually - Uh-huh . Due to the overabundance of news we have available to us .
Well did you watch the program the other night on was it SAVE AMERICA ? I saw part of that . t_con it's I guess a lot more e- to just mow the grass and let it work it's way back into the soil . # rather # than bag it up because of a- the grass that's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff
She enjoyed it t_laugh  . Yes t_laugh  . t_laugh t_con I thought whoa t_laugh that was a big pie . t_con when I gave me back the plate she said "I did not share this with anybody" .
Did you have anything in mind that you'd like to share ? t_empty They suggested some sort of a recipe for company for entertaining . t_empty
Have you had dogs before ? my brother has . t_con it's pretty good training I think really keeps her on her toes t_laugh  . -- right now we haven't had any
You know what I'm saying ? Right . Uh-huh . t_con I would say that you know for that many people to all of them agree that you did it and it was premeditated it would be kind of hard for you know -
do they use highway people t_con do they use prisoners ? What do they do in Maryland Yeah .
It's pretty power isn't it t_laugh  ? t_con here in Houston as well as just about any big city anywhere across this country - Uh-huh . t_con on top of that spending a good portion of my earlier years in the military as a Green Beret I definitely respect the power of weaponry .
I do not know how you were historically . Right . -- dragged on . -- country's war .
should I rent it ? yeah . No you haven't ?
t_con is there ? well we didn't go camping I know there are some good places to go camping along the lakes . I'm wondering I'm really not that not familiar .
Well t_con people of all ages take advantage of the aerobics ? Hm ? yeah . I think so too
t_con they don't go camping with you . They go camping on their own . they're grown now . How old are your boys ?
t_con you never see it . No t_laugh t_con you hope they're telling you t_laugh the truth . t_con they'll tell you they've written something down
Are you for it ? t_empty -- going to solve a lot of problems Uh-huh .
is that right t_laugh up there in Frederick ? Yeah # weekend # t_laugh  . # #
t_con are you moti- - Have you started exercising at home Well that's good . I've been trying to eat correctly also .
do they have such a thing now as a six man jury ? Not that I know of . Uh-huh . -- never made it to the jury .
mostly catfish mostly we catch carp . that's nice . From the dock from shore .
Have you ever been to what is it Original Book Binders in Philadelphia ? I know the name boy . I can almost live on seafood and almost live on the crab meat if I t_laugh had to .
Enjoy it huh t_laugh  . Roast marshmallows . -- t_con we just kind of go and hang out and just do fun stuff . Uh-huh .
We didn't disconnect did we t_laugh  ? I hope not t_laugh  . t_con that's because we didn't hit one for a long time . -- isn't it supposed to be five minutes ?
You ever been to Vincent's ? Vincent's ? We like seafood also If you like Mexican stuff . It's a good place .
Do you have a pet now ? Yeah She was the greatest went through two generations of children in my family and was always very gentle . We had her for fifteen years I think my family did and just loved her .
Are you on any leagues now ? No t_con I don't have Jack t_laugh standing behind me to tell me what to do t_laugh  . t_con I like to bowl
Well what's your ca- well computer science and cognitive science . Uh-huh . t_con I in the process of trying to choose a P H D school .
Should judges be elected or appointed . That's true t_con that's another interesting question . they're going to be -
Hope it's a good program there . it seems to me from what I've been able to find out . Pardon ? # Hope it's a good program # there .
how do you feel about all this smog and th- stuff on cars . well I'm kind of a car buff myself t_con if there isn't and we do some the right things I think - Yeah .
Did you use a Zar stain ? I don't remember . t_con it didn't come out that well . t_con I've done that once
Have you ever had those ? No The same foods that you find in Syria and Egypt and everything else . What you find is sort of Middle Eastern foods .
did you get yours as a pet for your chil- do you have children ? yes . I agree
# Now where is # the Atlantic Cafe ? Atlantic Cafe is down on McKinney . # It really is a great place . # it is fabulous .
You know what my absolutely favorite show is ? Uh-huh . Jay Leno . Oh .
t_con that area is it changing back again ? So many people are moving back into those old houses and are restoring them . okay . Okay
t_con have you been participating in this ? about ten or eleven calls . How many times have you called There've been some interesting subject that they've called about .
Can you really see it though ? Yeah . See how it's going to break or whatever . Yeah .
that is like a suburb or something whatever . Yes Yeah Right .
Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they ? Is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade Yeah . t_con I don't know it as well .
Pretty hot isn't it in the summer ? Yeah t_con we go swimming t_con my grandparents have a pool
How about you ? Well I listen to specific - You might try that . t_con they're interesting to listen to .
He is still teaching at Brookhaven isn't he ? t_con he plays pretty regularly . In fact he is playing this Sunday at our Church .
do you own a P C by the way ? I'm guessing you probably do . Okay . t_empty
What do they need cigarettes for ? t_con there's another thing about the justice system that I don't like Yeah . they're in jail for crying out loud .
Now is it Stacy ? Angie . t_empty t_empty
Well what are you going to do when you get out of college ? I'm a finance major . They couldn't put anything in it hardly . That's why .
how do you decide what number of people have to say that . - Yeah you know how do you decide . Uh-huh .
you try to go and take a vacation every year and go out and camp ? Yeah . t_laugh Oh . Yeah .
does that mean advantage ? not necessarily a price thing . If it's not going to cut the supply of illegal guns it must going to at least raise the prices Is it a way of raising the prices of illegal guns ?
Well have you ever visited like Los Angeles or any place that's ever that it has pollution in it's air ? We've never been Huh-uh . t_con even the incinerator the money and the income that they're going to make off this is you know just astronomical .
what kind of track is that ? just like a set up a lot of times Autocrossing is - The nice thing about autocrossing is you can do both .
t_con was this just your own design of - just our own design . Did you have a special program on your computer to do that Wow that's great .
you at the office now ? Yeah . Yeah . give me five minutes .
Have you done that ? yes t_con I have never done it myself . I am
Out on the grill ? Uh-huh . t_con he does the steak -- celebrations and we have like steak
I guess Baltimore caught them . Well it's kind of moved up Last year it was D C I think they've got over a hundred dead already this year .
A certain subject ? Well it's business technology . Good for you . Well it's ninth through twelve --
What do you think is causing all this t_empty t_con I see that even he was met without little success even though the entire I guess a bit of money and other planning efforts went into that . became the drug czar for President Bush he was going to focus on it this area and do something about it
How do you feel about it ? Well yeah Well Wayne I feel very strongly about parents doing things with their children and making time available even sometimes when time isn't available . t_empty
Is her name Rash Carolyn Rash ? No her name is Skidmore . Pardon me ? Carolyn Rash ?
Well don't you think that you know just having you know some you know almost like a driver's license be required you know with stiff penalties if you are found with you know a gun that is not registered or you know that you are not licensed to carry . Yeah t_con I don't really know unless they do just outlaw them how you can prevent that . Uh-huh .
t_con did you have hotel rooms t_con how did you do it ? Did you put them up in other peoples houses they came from all over .
You know will you be penalized if you don't . Will you - That is interesting . t_con I think that's a really interesting question .
# t_con # why spend your time getting qualified . That's right . # Uh-huh . # So that it might be circularly being the same problem of expecting not to get hired for the good jobs anyway
Well then that's why you're doing this then isn't it ? yes . I'm work for T I . no
Well do you your daughters live close where you can go out ? Two of them live real close to me . How they do things that's so true .
what kind of biking do you do ? well actually my wife just got me into it How about you though I haven't gone on any extended trips with it .
Have you ever read anything by Susan Howatch ? Yes -- t_con I like that . I always like those .
How do you feel about that ? Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the buyer and the seller ? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me . About private citizens selling a weapons ?
What kinds of activities do you spend with them ? Is it  ? Donna you said you have three children . yeah
Well what are you studying ? I'm an interior design major t_laugh  . So are you going to get into instructing ? Yeah .
t_con have you - Yeah Are you someone who works outside your home t_laugh Uh-huh .
Did you know that - Satan of the recycling . # t_laugh # hostile planet t_laugh  . Julie .
You knew of the homes themselves ? no -- Pardon ? you knew of the homes then .
Why ? Why ? Do you ? In the light of what has been happening lately with the doctors that I know and lawyers and whatnot I think national health insurance is a way to throw a lot of money at a very small problem .
Well do you think that it should be like we have this sort of random spot testing type of thing t_con do you think it would be more palatable if we had some sort of regular schedule t_con there's a lot involved there . Yeah .
Do you get paid for these ? five dollars . t_con it's been real interesting and kind of fun . -- talked to a few more than me
Who takes care of that ? Well the thing is that I live in a dorm . What about tuition and rent ? t_con the only thing that I basically spend my money on is just food
Do you used student loans and things like that that were guaranteed by the government ? No Yeah . You know what I mean ?
t_con you think there are plenty of doctors ? yeah -- for one thing . Uh-huh .
why did you choose a private school ? Well I had one that was needed to be able to be moved along at a pace a little faster than he was going to be able to be moved in public school t_con I think they're having a tough time right now just from budget cuts and everything else going on . I know my son goes to a private school
t_con you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you ? Huh-uh . t_con you're doing it yourself . Uh-huh .
# Is that what it was ? # # Shock . Those are just to get the shock value out of you . What in the world .
have you had a family reunion recently ? Yes Hi Clarice . t_empty
are the two boys first ? Yes . Well we have got two boys and a girl t_laugh  . Well we have got two boys and a girl also .
t_laugh That's great as a kid though isn't it it was great because well the times that were really fun were when we had vacation t_con I really have no great urge to go back now . # in one # year
Well what are we going to do about it ? I don't know . They just get out you know it doesn't
what do you like ? t_empty Yeah Yeah .
For colleges ? Yeah Well they're having a lot of recruiting this week in all the different areas . okay .
Well is REDBOOK still in existence ? I don't know t_laugh if they're around anymore . I really very rarely ever pick up a magazine anymore  . Yeah .
Do you like rap music ? Not really t_laugh  . rap music . Oh .
t_con my other con- is + is the American government going to force us to go . I think so . It can be annoying and a metric hammer t_laugh  .
t_con were you able to stay at home with him ? No Did you work when your son was at home did you working ? -
how were you decorating the baskets ? t_empty what kinds of decorations did you use with the bas- - That's funny t_laugh  .
Your concern on the economy was one in terms of if it became a state would that put even more pressures on Puerto Rico or pressures on the U . S . in terms of aid Well probably more on terms of the U . S . t_con I guess I have never thought to ask her what she favors actually I work with a girl from Puerto Rico
Is that right ? Yes . Right ? + the South Vietnamese they asked us to help them . -
I wonder if that's possible ? I guess the judge's time is worth too much though . Well how about having a j- and a judge work together on it somehow ? you're the person's fate .
t_laugh That's what we need isn't it ? Yeah . They had a great desert bar . Uh-huh .
Kalli K A L L I ? K A L A I think C H A N D . Okay . it starts with a K .
if you were deciding do you think that they would have been different . Well I was never there for any sentencing . t_con would - t_laugh So were the sentences that the judge handed out what you thought to be fair
Do you like Mexican food . Not particularly -- # the ones out in Addison . # # Do you like Mexican ? #
t_con what was the last car repair you had ? t_laugh Just recently I was kind of laughing when I heard the switchboard talking about the question because I had to have my radiator flushed -- Hi . t_empty
t_con what else are you planning to do if anything ? Museums you know Yeah . great .
Those are the youngest ones ? Yeah t_con my second marriage . Uh-huh .
Does it fit that - Green spiky leaves . t_con what does the foliage look like ? I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue . Which I would not liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better . And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color . With little purple spots that it will fade into a solid purple .
does that help ? Yeah It helps if you -- so quickly
Now do you do it just for yourself t_con do you do it to give as gifts t_con it has just been the most relaxing enjoyable self-satisfying thing I've had . Well I painted t_laugh an awful lot until his death which was several years .
What part of Texas you from ? Nacogdoches . Just motorboat's all we - No t_laugh  .
t_con I guess it's supposed to be dinner party is that what they said ? yeah -- don't do much cooking for him yet . Uh-huh .
The A C C Tarheels U N C ? I just don't know it . I don't know that area . No
Do you smoke ? Yeah Uh-huh . My husband bought it for me when my daughter was born three months ago .
t_con do you all need four wheel drives up there because of snow and everything ? Yeah -- four wheelers or four wheel drive in Kenosha ? t_laugh  .
what is the topic ? The topic is cars . Okay somebody else answered the phone and put my number in .
does California have a - Well there's a sense of it being a package do you - it's curious I don't know why don't know if it's -
Did you scuba dive there ? No t_con that was real nice . that would be nice .
what do you think ? My grandmother lived with us until August Right . -- # and needed to be put in . #
WUTHERING HEIGHTS ? No it wasn't JANE EYRE . no
the hoi sin sauce ? Yeah . t_con how much does it cost ? t_con you've got a very colorful side another dish .
Defense systems and electronics group ? Yeah Oh  ? something with the defense .
well d- d- do you play any musical instruments or - No All right Okay .
do you find that on the average do people give more credibility or less credibility to a professional dressed # individual . # # Yeah Yeah . Yeah .
t_con - we have fifty acres . Do you have a lot of land Well we've been here since sixty-six .
# Or just a by- or somebody got actually beat to death or what . Yeah . no tears . # Is it a looter that got shot by a store owner ?
Well do you working for T I ? No Oh . -- truck you know .
t_con there's no limit . Is there a limit ? can you actually catch those is that like a sport fish
Well what about the trim in your house ? Did you have to do that ? must be difficult I don't know
you know what I mean ? Uh-huh . they're trying to make it too much of a crossover thing That's a little bit to -
t_con where's the line where you say to somebody I'm going to drug test you tomorrow t_con please do not take these medications I think that everybody is aware of that t_con there's poppy seed type things .
Well what movies are showing down there now ? I actually have to get a newspaper out . Uh-huh . t_con then there's these periods like early fall before Christmas or early spring when there's sort of a quiet period where if you bring something out again it will increase the revenues from the movie .
Did you have one coat or two ? two actually -- -- t_con there was no major mistakes yeah
the happen at a cafeteria or something ? Yeah Yeah t_con Well did you hear about that Killeen massacre or whatever ?
Where in North Carolina ? In Raleigh . you're from North Carolina . I'm from North Carolina .
Where do you go ? t_empty Is that right t_laugh  . All these places that I've never been t_laugh  .
Is it ? -- flavorful piece of fish . -- and just cover it with some waxed paper and steam it just until the fish is done Okay .
Did I say channel nine to begin with ? Yeah Yeah . I can understand why channel eleven is they're kind of behind .
t_con you're going to make one for yourself t_empty Did someone just come up with this design there's mosquito patterns there's wasp patterns there's grub patterns .
could you get any connection on which was metric and which wasn't . okay . Don't you find that interesting ? that they doing that in any field t_con both of them were a mismatch of both t_pause American and metric .
t_con do you get to pay the bills ? Yes . Uh-huh . t_con she'll use them more than I will .
Let's see how about MAN FROM UNCLE ? is that the one where they always got this tape recording that self-destructed ? Well I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time well I think we've covered most of my favorite T V shows .
Would you agree with that ? Well considering what I've seen in the last you know two seasons I'm beginning to agree with that that's probably true . his argument is that the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to bring in the big dollars .
The uh you'll be flying in there ? Yes . Uh-huh . and it's it's rare to get real cold in in El Paso .
Do you ever go to the Dallas Opera ? no No . Are you going to go see the Elixir of Love ?
Why was you know why -- - Why did they do in the freezer ? Ow . Stuck them in the freezer and then shot them all .
why not . t_con I think really if we got all those that are able-bodied into the work force t_pause reduced t_pause the amount going out for those purposes created new jobs for that work force there would be plenty of money . it does seem only fair Right
really t_laugh that must be pretty good then was it good . it's got # Cheech Marin  . # no
She had high standards . Yeah . she a real hard la- - Well yeah
So do you mostly like this type of thing that lasts an hour ? I don't usually like stuff that continues . It hasn't hurt him at all . Isn't that funny ?
t_con you don't play any other sports but basketball ? basketball Yeah . t_con that's why I've kept active in that way .
what would you recommend ? as far as dealing with divorce ? Okay No .
do you ? Uh-huh . I think that idea is even more common in Western Europe . in our society people are brought up over here thinking that you know everybody owes them something .
t_con what kinds of things do you and your family do ? well we go out and fly kites okay . t_con I'm going to have difficulty with this topic .
You know . -- it's not just paying back what you've charged yeah -- t_con
Did you do it with a jigsaw t_con do you have powered #you know a # - t_con I've got to go a second layer with the yellow . I've done most of the coloring
t_con I don't know if you get that kind of greeting or not . Yeah definitely . t_laugh Yeah
Do you have that where you live Well interestingly enough right before I moved up here - -- of that sort . # Sure . #
isn't that nice . -- the real planning that's the real key -- that sounds so wonderful -- t_con that's not hard
t_con the money is also another issue . How you're going to pay for it . Right . -- I guess . # Yeah . #
what your experience been like ? Well I have a long experience with cars . t_con I guess he's been pretty good about keeping our cars up t_con he did it
t_laugh What other types of community service would they be talking about . the recording mentioned the Peace Corps . Well back to the topic at hand . Well that's good .
t_con you have participated with that in the past ? Pardon me ? What again . We will be busy with that again .
# Which one ? # # Drugs . # you said the magic word there . It's easy
Did been working on it for three years ? Thr- I didn't know that  . does it really ?
What about your home ? Well right now we're just renting Yeah . cheaper depending upon the neighborhood .
So why are we doing this ? It's for research . From what I understand . - Well that's a pretty good deal .
So how do you feel about the metric system ? I like it . t_empty t_empty
In what way are you talking about . Well I like the idea of volunteer support . -- idea . Uh-huh .
are you presently looking for a used car ? Well as a matter of fact I just bought one t_laugh  . t_empty t_empty
Does it bother you if your children are not interested in it ? I beg you pardon ? t_con our daughter is really interested . t_con our son's not as interested in it as our daughter
Did you ?  . Oh!  . to work in some programs -- I guess that's my family has always believed strongly in
Are you going to move your whole family over there then ? No t_con when you get it completely you know the shell finished you still have a lot of stuff to do inside -- you know of course there's still a lot of work to be done
t_con I was just curious what part of the country . - Stockton . That sounds good . -- travel and that kind of thing .
what ? Discuss everything that didn't agree with them . t_con what would you do Every Sunday night .
so how do you feel ? Th- of course being facetious t_laugh Yeah . good a good southern solution .
So how do you feel ? Well I'm a little bit ambivalent . Right . t_con of course I'm not perfectly happy about not having a job .
She didn't announce that to you ? I didn't quite hear all of it . Uh-huh . Are you ready ?
t_con if we have children who are not getting their education for one reason or another then what are we going to do with # them ? # # Yeah . # education is the key to our future it certainly is .
Your husband what group is your husband in ? something with the defense . I don't want to come home and have to t_laugh work on one too  . t_con sometimes my husband says usually I work on the computer all day at work
who do you work with at this time ? Well I own the company . as you think over the plans and so forth that the company you're working with now - Okay Bill
Probably not nachos and dip No . fresh vegetables would be good Yeah
I'm also wondering why our taxes are still so high considering like the world's probably in better shape now than it has been in the last fifty years  . Except for everything keeps going up # you know . # -- that kind of thing Yeah .
t_con it's just that they don't use the materials that are available to them . Sometimes it's - Do you think it's a lack of training Uh-huh .
For how many years ? Fifteen . our payments are like two twenty . When we bought ours we were paying tw- three hundred twenty-nine dollars .
What part of Michigan were you living in ? t_empty That's right . You could pretty much do whatever you wanted to do .
Are you in the middle of anything ? No . t_empty t_empty
you said San Antonio right ? Uh-huh . Does San Antonio ha- - Uh-huh .
They are good aren't they ? Yes . Yeah . t_con that's where I get a lot of my recipes .
What are yours ? China painting and ceramics . I do . Yes
d- you all have drive-ins up there Yeah Okay t_laugh  . If you're ever in town we'll go see a movie t_laugh  .
Have you heard it ? No . Yeah . well we'd better keep talking because I've not heard it have we .
Are you from Texas ? Well sort of . I knew it was easier back here . I just thought life would be
Doesn't it just have to go back and do a whole new trial t_con they have to stay in until they all agree -- t_con they never agree . no
In the Dallas Yeah . Did you read the article in the paper today about this particular subject ? I think that's what the subject is about .
t_con you also manage to make them . t_empty t_con we have got my wife and I have a bit longer ways to go than most . Well where I am calling from is southern Mississippi .
you like science things ? I have not gotten them in a long time . Those are interesting . yeah .
-- the Flagship ? Yes . Uh-huh . I have a favorite hotel that extends out over the water --
# Was he # murdered ? Did they find who killed him ? Yes . of course a parent losing a teenage child is about as bad as it could possibly get I think in terms of psychological impact .
They tell you our topic ? pets . You bet . t_empty
About ? do- you think there's going to be still a family unit What I think that in the future the family unit as it once was known is going to be nonexistent t_pause  .
the question was what kind of books do you read for entertainment t_laugh I guess I just read for escape . Yeah t_empty
So what do you think about our involvement in the Middle East ? t_laugh Well actually I think it's good . t_empty t_empty
Well do you have any children ? I've got one . That's true . It does not make for a happy situation .
Did she all not talk about the topic at all ? Well yeah t_con it went over ten minutes . t_con she was telling me all her problems you know
Did puppy go to ? Well the puppy jumped in the some of the pools but not into the - t_con he jumped in the river . Really .
what are the ages of your kids then ? They range from twenty-four to five . uh-huh . -- and let Grandma and Grandpa come and visit us .
Been pulling them up or just loosening them until the rain came in ? Yes . We've had a lot of wind around here . Well done a little repair on the shingles on the roof recently .
t_con now did you use to not feel so badly because you could take it off your income tax ? We've never been able to take it off our income tax . t_con it's just incredible . -- on all of our credit cards
Methanol ? Huh . Yeah . Huh-uh .
# Do they # wind up with more red tape and # more problems then ? # -- # well who else # is going to do this then ? I don't know t_laugh  . My only concern is what happens when you turn things over to the government
I guess down here air conditioning's a must isn't it . Uh-huh -- and steering and air conditioning Yeah .
You guys getting snow ? it is snowing right now . -- up there . Me too .
At work ? Yeah . Yeah . you at the office now ?
is it a real Chinese wok . It's called a stir fry pan What kind of wok do you have t_con we do a lot of stir fry vegetables .
t_con did you have a budget to get your down payment going to get a house ? Well no do you know how did your budget work we are in the process of trying to buy a house
t_con realistically like for you don't think it's right No . as long as it's your flag and you've made your point . I think . whatever I think that that's viable .
how long did you have that ? my how long ? That's really something . Isn't that interesting ?
You're aware of that I'm sure . That true . Okay currently in our country especially in some regions there's an employment problem . Uh-huh .
Now are you talking about the elected people t_con are you talking about # others ? # t_con the people that are talking this numbers have no concept of what that number means . which is an astronomical sum
Well what about sending all this money overseas supporting other governments third world governments . How do you feel about that ? t_con I don't think Americans are willing to do it . I'm kind of like you know yeah the only answer is to start over or to totally change our lifestyles .
Well are you a fisher person are you ? Yes Okay . t_empty
Well what d- you think in terms of benefits ? of course I'm sure we're familiar with the exact same benefit package t_empty t_empty
Do you do that ? Yeah . t_con I get it all in my hair too . wha- else can I tell you about painting ?
Do you listen to radio talk shows ? Sometimes I have . I don't know if you're a ta- person listener . that's need to do that . I'll give you a hint .
What do you take ? Well I actually take COUNTRY LIVING that's great . t_con that's my very favorite .
exercise  ? Yeah . All right . t_empty
Has he had this since kindergarten t_con is this something that maybe learning phonetics It's just a problem with learning . t_con it's not an intelligence problem .
Have you ever been to the Uh-huh . anything . Yeah .
do you run the family budget as far as groceries and that sort of thing ? I do . I take it - Well you know what do you do as far as -
And what room ? I've done it in the my rooms . -- you know . uh-huh .
what do you think we can do to solve the crime in America ? if I knew that I'd be a very wealthy person . t_con what do you think that - okay .
Are they politicians - Well in some sense they should be politicians in that you know you want them to respect the people that's true . That's true
t_con what part of Virginia I live down in the south western part of Blacksburg . t_empty t_empty
are you fluent in another language yeah on foreign films did you watch - That's great .
Well did you ever see FLATLINERS . No There's only one way of finding it . Right
Where's that ? That's in Chappel Hill t_laugh  . I think I'm going to Chappel Hill . Do you know where you're going ?
do cats bother bulbs ? I think more the mice or other rodents . I don't know that Right .
It's eighty eighty-eight ? I think that's about where it is . it's not even that . No
t_laugh how's the disposition of your Siamese cat ? Well it's you know they're just aggressive by nature -- Uh-huh . he's probably a good two years old big old fat and sassy tabby .
Do you work for T I ? Uh-huh I would love to live up there . how nice
# What about # - # What do you # - that one was . - Yeah
What kind of lawn and garden work do you do ?  . Well right now the place where I'm living the yard was basically neglected for about the last twenty-five years t_empty t_empty
The only complication is how do you fund something like this ? Well a lot of parents fund their children . than someone that just goes right straight into college . Right
How old is your granddaughter ? She's three . Uh-huh . t_con he has to work almost every Saturday
I'll look at the end because those would be the best ones okay ? Yeah . it's right here . I think I do
What do you usually wear to - Well let's see . t_empty t_empty
I think you understand what I'm getting at Yeah . yeah Yeah .
t_con Is there anything else Well I think we've covered the subject about t_laugh I thought for sure I'd been raised properly
You know . - if they don't make a criminal check why do you have to be fingerprinted . Well I don't understand they've been going through a lot of bad publicity here in the last three or four months again because they've been arresting people like that .
Have you ever seen those ? yeah . It was a hyacinth . t_con I just broke all them off .
t_con what are you doing ? Well I'm going to be certified as an English teacher teach English as a second language . U T A right here . Where you going to school ?
You do it yourself ? I do it myself . -- t_con you don't have any one do your yard . -- Yeah .
doesn't that sound stupid . Uh-huh . I doesn't even pay for me to earn a good wage because - t_con it's sort of like X point five children and earn you know you kind of get hit with you know -
how do you make fajitas ? it's kind of like made out of skirt steak fajitas you know like fajitas and stuff like that
You don't have the humidity either do you ? No Well it's real dry down there . -- you know real cold weather for long periods of time .
Well you're walking okay now obviously yeah No . Not fun t_laugh  .
Not a Cubbies fan No t_con my favorite team was the White Sox . I was from Illinois
So do you use them ? yes Yes . Personal computers .
are your ba- or - No It is scary Yeah .
He was just having an affair on his wife ? Well that t_con that is all it was ? which is tough .
Isn't it five minutes ? I don't know . come on . t_laugh Come on
what do you drive now ? I have a Ford pickup I don't know what you drive now . t_empty
You mean really trying to plant something ? That's what you're saying ? t_con when they initially come over - The ones that have been here longer and have been in you know understand now .
t_con what do you do with them in the meantime ? That's right . Uh-huh . You know if we go out and pick up a bunch of cans from people sure they'll save them for us there's no problem there .
t_con do you have a big family ? Well he does t_laugh  . # That is neat . # # t_con it was really neat . #
Well gosh Deb we could talk all day couldn't we t_laugh  . I know Yeah . # like # that .
Did you see it the other night ? uh-huh . Uh-huh . QUANTUM LEAP ?
What kind of painting are you planning to do ? Well I have wallpaper in both of my bathrooms right now which is really pretty disgusting . t_empty t_empty
what have you had ? Well we had a dog before we moved here . Uh-huh . Have you ?
Is it just instrumental ? No I've never heard of that . So what type Simply Red
When you did your papering did you start in the middle of the wall ? No one of them was just a different color pink is what it ended up being . Yeah .
They do it with alcohol ? Yeah Pardon ? # they do with alcohol . #
Well how about when you were in Colorado ? Well I liked it a little bit I just can't stand to even get out in the dirt t_laugh  . it's just here
So what school is it ? University of Rochester . t_con it's just along the Erie Canal up here . it's nice riding to school because it's all along a canal path
Was your parents that musical ? Yeah Do you come by it naturally ? Uh-huh .
nothing comparable I guess to what you've had before . Well I've only been here just a short time too I don't have to live through many of those really -- in the spring .
What did he get hurt last night No Yeah . the on Chicago Bulls isn't he .
-- so that I don't know if it really hampers or it helps our education system . I don't know because I know I don't watch hardly any T V . Uh-huh . the cable system and the satellite dishes has made it to where a lot of people can just leave regular T V programming and watch a lot of other programs out there as well as use of the V C R --
they just think that's the normal thing to do don't they  . . . They're sociopathic . Sure Huh-uh .
t_con do you have a camper ? no Do you tent camp # are # and do that .
t_con I imagine you still have a very close relationship with them . yeah . I imagine . Boy we really got to know the kids well .
of course you like them too right . Yeah . t_con I always watch them no matter who's on Real big
It's pretty nice country up there ? it's beautiful . I see . -- continued that far .
t_con was she # kind of opposed to it ? # # Well yeah Was she in favor of it t_con it's so difficult .
Isn't that pretty . # I love it down there . # t_con we took the eighteen mile drive . Uh-huh .
Now when was this was this recently ? now at the auto show they had fantastic looking cars . Uh-huh .
# # was that good ? -- hysterical . t_con we went to see SOAPDISH # t_con when I go I go see two at a time . t_laugh
Doesn't seem quite fair does it ? No t_con sometimes they have to pay even less taxes . t_con the people that make you know five hundred thousand dollars and higher than that they don't have to pay
what did they do everyone come around and watch them . Yep . no Yeah
I know a lot of their countries that they had overtaken or wanted to be independent or several of them right Yeah . I didn't really know that I see
You have a fenced yard or - Uh-huh t_con we get home at night we do bring him in . Well well he's outside during the day
are you into the Cowboys ? God no t_laugh  . -- your - t_empty
That was weird wasn't it ? t_empty Really ? they didn't even ask him back t_laugh  .
Does your son work for T I ? No . I think he benefited from my experiences . t_con our son would share this
did they object too ? Yeah t_con I think Johnson City was one . I wasn't aware that Austin was one of them
t_con aren't they done with ? I thought that they  . - actually I just went to see the Greatful Dead about a week ago . # # yeah
how do you think that the viewpoints differ ? I think a lot of it is just the fact that in the U S you're so far removed in a lot of cases from say conflicts how do you find that the coverage from other places in the world compares with the American coverage of - I'm interested in the shortwave aspect of it .
t_con how old are you ? I'm twenty-eight . Good that's one of my favorites .
t_con this is money that she's borrowed to form her college education ? Yeah If it's like you know really a lower paying job you know where in a small town you don't obviously you don't need as much as far as to live . - Uh-huh .
I don't know how familiar you are with that area of the country I've been to Charleston . Okay . West Virginia .
Have you crocheted or knitted any baby clothes or baby blankets ? I crocheted an afghan for our bed . Uh-huh . Is this your first baby ?
are you in a -- - Yeah What's a one bedroom - I'm getting back into apartment life
Am I still employed by T I no Are you still employed ? that's why I was in the Deseg down here in Plano also .
Should we have fought them harder ? Used more weapons equal to their chemical weapons that weren't used ? I think we should have stayed longer . Did we do what was correct there ?
Do you have trouble with red spider on marigolds ? No . Yes . t_con of course you know the mine are old theory ordinary flowers marigolds and that sort of thing .
Do you have any hobbies ? Yes t_empty t_empty
So how is the weather out there ? it's really cold t_empty t_empty
What are you interested in in restaurants ? Right So eating out . t_empty
t_con how about SILENCE OF THE LAMB ? No Y- have to go see that one . I've heard that's really great though .
now do you have a lot mountains well you don't have mountains in Texas do you . you do . Yeah
t_laugh t_con who's going to beat them ? Who are they going to blow it to ? They'll probably get everybody's hopes up and blow it toward the end . t_con they'll get close to it .
Well is that a good indicator ? That can be . t_con they're like one of the best teams in spring training so far . t_con I've been following Spring training
you know how young can they start T-Ball and soccer ? t_laugh  . Right t_laugh  . t_con we've already started about - Yeah .
What about you ? goodness Otherwise I like to read children's books and things like that . t_con that was very helpful to me as far as books .
t_con I wonder how much longer they're going to be a I don't know t_laugh  . t_con the great powers are always pitted against each other . -- are us and them
I assume so . Yes . You have children ? t_con that's real hard .
You'll be thirty-three this year ? Yeah . Okay . excuse me .
Di- you learn it in computer science ? yeah I know I remember my college days t_laugh  . And having to do that too . right .
Well do you do recycling ? we do the recycling Even aluminum like copper is a very good one to collect .
Are you all planning to move anytime are you looking for a house or not . they do throw those up . t_laugh That's true
Well that makes it hard for you doesn't it . # Well it does you know . # me . t_con it's one of these things #
Well do you think it's should be illegal for an employer to do this t_empty t_con when somebody leaves work I don't think that it's the employer's right to regulate their life style at all . Well you know I can see how they can say in the work place we don't want them to smoke
I heard some noise on the line . Didn't know what happened . Okay . Yep  .
Is this your first time ? No other than that sure yeah . Sounds interesting .
Are you work t_con are you retired Uh-huh . t_con it's pretty tough .
Well do you have anything else you want to say on this ? No So I don't know . yeah .
t_con are you using a bobber ? I a fly fisherman . Are you fly fishing What ?
In what way ? In like qual- or sort of an orientation in terms of like view point or the way the news is presented or whatever ? I'd like to say that I'm overwhelmingly disappointed with the media in general except for the raw news wires  . -- but not like BUSINESS WEEK or NEWS WEEK or one of those kinds of things .
Funny how that works isn't it t_laugh  ? The who doesn't need credit gets cheap credit . Yeah . Uh-huh .
t_con what kind of luck you been having with buying and returning products ? not too bad really . Okay t_empty
Do you rent them no t_con just recently I've been to a couple t_laugh  . I don't go to movies that often
what would you say ? Well I'd encourage it . what experience lead you to advise if my child were thinking of going to the Air Force Academy we're rolling .
How about you ? actually I pretty untalented t_laugh  . I haven't tried any needlepoint yet . I've done some cross stitching .
What color is your dog ? White . Isn't that interesting t_laugh  ? Yes .
In the salt water ? -- losing all my fish . t_con I have tried to start a fish tank -- Anyway that's what we have
Well that would be an eye opener wouldn't it ? Wouldn't it though ? # Oh t_laugh  . # t_laugh I have a girlfriend that every time her son starts taking things for granted she threatens to send him to Mexico with her relatives and let him get a taste of that # for a while t_laugh  . #
do you have a Sam's Wholesale Warehouse up there ? Sam's It was Lawry's I believe or Lawler's . Whose was that ?
got the bumper sticker too ? Oh yes Oh yeah Well course see I listen to K V I L for the contests .
Now do you still own a house ? You said you owned one . that's - # Yeah . #
What'd you do with them ? Put them back t_laugh  . -- t_con yes . really .
who knows . basically I had read that they're just looking at relocating them all to McKinney is it Texas Wh- kind of time frame is it looking for the different shifts up there ? Yeah
Have you ever tried a one iron ? No Uh-huh . -- t_con I do actually hit the ball better .
Do you get your own washer dryer ? Well I have a washer and dryer area that's nice . t_con let's see I have two bedrooms .
t_con are you more of a sport fisherman ? catfish yeah . do you like eat the fish that you catch t_laugh Do you actually like the taste of f-
Has that been the Cutlass or the Sierra ? no We've driven them for about probably twenty years . I've been very satisfied with the Oldsmobiles .
a hundred and forty mile trip ? No it was a seventy mile trip everyday you know two ways was seventy miles . to work -
can you tell much difference between the local radio T V stations ? Well I really think so . do you seem to - I don't know
Now do you actually follow a budget ? Well we pretty well do . t_con it does get rather interesting trying to survive on one salary Well I'm at home also
Why not go to adults too ? Well I'm personally very in favor of it . Well why stop at children ? Uh-huh .
Loaners from work ? Yeah both of them are sort of work related No
Are you been in big cities a long time ? Mostly been in the east coast you don't get that source of cleansing anymore . Yeah
Why ? t_empty t_con I kind of stay a- - got all these caution signs now on fish
Do you have a family ? yeah . what are you doing ? so I'm going to leave you alone .
Are you all located in Texas ? yeah . Uh-huh . -- the big family is a lot smaller that it used to be .
Did she know that she was going to a nursing home ? I'm sorry ? Uh-huh . t_con she's been in the nursing home now for I would say about three months .
Well what is the most you know the nicest island ? I like Maui . eventually t_laugh  . well I will . You know
# That's just almost unaffordable isn't it ? Right # Good grief . t_con for me to try to get it now it would cost me like over three hundred dollars a month with the same company that was providing health insurance at P I E . #
The other thing then is because I don't know how long they want us to talk close to five minutes I believe . I'm sorry for these beeps we'll try to be real quick here .
It's that high ? Yes . Really ? they say runs approximately a thousand dollars a person every time you do it .
What kind of testing do they do when you went ? it's a urine test . # to # say on it t_laugh  . That's true t_pause  .
what kind of car are you thinking about buying next ? Well what a wh- do we currently have Okay t_empty
what do you think about it ? I think it's a real good concept . all set then . Okay
You must like chocolate . Yes . chocolate something chocolate . goodness .
What newspapers do you read ? Well I read the local newspaper -- that what you've heard is what really is . t_con if you hear the same story from three different sources then you get a much clearer picture of what is going on . You would hope
t_con are you not at that stage yet ? Yeah I was just going to say t_pause makes a difference in what you eat doesn't it  . Yeah
Didn't have shrimp there t_laugh  ? I don't think so . No ? I don't remember if I had shrimp .
Where you live now Say ? Really t_con up until gee maybe five or six years ago I did a lot of it --
t_con what do you have . I have Xanadu and Precious and Rascal . how sweet . we have Bonzo Bear Poindexter and Felix .
Now translations what do you mean translations of - t_empty I'm learning the names if not the actual contents of a lot of different poems and a lot of French people . Oh .
how about yourself . well I'm certainly in favor of AIDS research I think it'll probably be as difficult . Uh-huh .
keep it there t_laugh  . -- t_con I'm okay . Yeah -- t_con you can give me eighties --
About your # baby . # # yeah # t_con it was kind of like she had her babies and understood about you know - t_con as luck had it she had puppies the same week my daughter was born
What type of music do you like in the classical area t_con what era do you like the most ? Yeah . really .
Which type of Cadillac is your favorite ? I don't know . I don't care about a big fancy t_laugh  . - Do you ?
you ready ? Yip  . Sure You want to punch the button and go ?
well did you hear on the news where the teacher of the year was up for child molestation . t_empty -- Yeah -- you don't think of that first hand normally .
You went to Indiana University ? Purdue . -- keep their seats full . Uh-huh .
How about yours ? It's tiny . Yeah . Uh-huh .
where did you go to school ? Purdue . what did they watch in college when you where in - I don't know
Do you ride or do you pull a cart when you play golf ? both t_laugh  . t_con I have played you know different courses in in the Dallas area . That is usually where we play
You must feel real good about that . Well I felt good about it because that's my personal feeling also . That sound like just an excellent solution . Well even at that point most care can be given at the home .
t_pause did you have your children did you say in home was # that in your home or in someone else's home ? # # It's so # difficult for them . # Uh-huh . #
# t_laugh # Did you see any movies over there t_laugh  ? t_empty It's boring . # Okay t_laugh  .
are you enjoying it ? Yes Yes . Are you on the early retirement ?
# Well then you've been # getting quite a bit of rain also . Yeah # t_con we're in the # - Well jeez .
I don't know if you get SOUTHERN LIVING No really . I've got a great recipe for cheese cake .
t_con that you've - Well we've been here since sixty-six . was it a home that you've had for quite a f- years Uh-huh .
I was wondering what you do at T I . I'm an engineer . t_con actually I usually like to ask a lot of questions . well you're doing just fine
t_con this town hall that you meet in is that like a - Well it's a community center Okay t_con it would be the second great grandchild .
With T I or somebody else ? No # exploration . # # Right . #
t_con you've done this ? Yeah . t_con it handles so nicely . And very twisty stuff .
so it's not affiliated with anything is it . No . Cliff I see It's called K L I F cliff .
Are they two married ? No . My goodness . that's where they've gone to make their homes .
if your tires are good enough or your brakes are good enough . No they don't check how good - But that's all they check for
Have you ? Have I ? Do you ? wow t_laugh  .
No cracked slab or anything like that ? No . we haven't had a lot of problems with it at all . No
How about you ? Well t_laugh I don't have that experience to share t_laugh  . really . t_con that's not by my choice .
t_con wha- practical steps could on- take ? By having a budget that is feasible t_con I really feel that is part of the problem that we let things get so out of control that we don't want to put the brakes on them . Uh-huh .
do you find th- you have much chance to read for just pleasure or mostly for business ? No Yeah . Well that sounds good .
you've a few ? Yeah Do you have - I've got about twelve tickets in the mail .
Which ones ? t_empty Yes . Do you have any that you like well enough that you tape them when you're not going to be there ?
right ? It is inside Now that's inside again Well okay .
Challenging Yeah . -- and does well with it . how neat .
someone had to figure out what was going on ? That's about what it was . t_con the jurors just sort of - t_con it was just kind of a zoo
t_con who wants to ride a bus ? we have this big romance with the car the only school bus you see are school buses there is -
What you mean my voice ? Yes . Okay . t_empty
that is right isn't it ? Yeah . Is that - Uh-huh .
Well did you able to get one while you're in college ? I don't think I ever tried . t_con I think a lot of these people have them maxed out . I'm in the age group you get out of college
Did they just have like over a weekend ? Is that how they did it ? Uh-huh . t_con they just brought food with them ?
Where did you go on your last vacation ? the last was back down to Lubbock to visit parents . I enjoy them . I think so .
What have you been to lately ? let's see . Yeah . Really .
it sounds funny though doesn't it ? t_empty I don't know Wonder what happened .
t_con was it not . No . Wasn't it Lewisburg that had a lot of bad things happening just in the last couple of weeks t_con I understand that you know -
is that reported in the Texas papers ? sure -- is quite a remarkable counts Oh .
What ages are they ? t_empty Uh-huh . -- t_con we'll try to rent something that they can see as well as something else that we can see
t_con that is all it was ? He was just having an affair on his wife ? which is tough . Immediately .
t_con what do you think ? Well I think the public school systems are doing a good job . # with it . # uh-huh . #
You would like that huh ? Well I grew up in Wisconsin t_laugh Yeah t_laugh  . Well you are welcome to keep that t_laugh  .
Do they have a limit on sharks is that like a sport fish t_con the ones I caught were never large enough to really do anything . I love shark steak
So it was pretty much a physical decision ? yeah # t_con they # found a place nearby that they put her in last year . # Uh-huh . #
Is there anybody who doesn't ? Well there are a few out there . yeah . Do you work with mixed company male and female
what kind of culture was that t_laugh  ? Yeah Uh-huh . I could watch YOGI BEAR you know
t_con do you have a garden t_con do you just do your landscaping now and your lawn ? Yeah t_con I don't mind doing it so much anymore .
I imagine it is a little difficult to stick with a budget during that during school and so it forth . it sure is . Good for you . well good for you .
So what do you think about recycling programs in Atlanta Julie ? The recycling program here is just terrible . t_laugh I don't believe that we're - t_empty
Am I going to end up in a place like that t_laugh  ? t_laugh Somebody take care of me . Yeah . what if I lose my mind .
How about popular music ? Yeah . Yeah when I hear it that I like it .
You know what I # mean ? # # Right . # t_con it's hard to compare . t_con I wasn't really like listening to the world go by back then
Well what else do you serve with your pig ? well we'll have cranberries and hominy t_con we're going to have that . gee .
What is the prognosis for this year ? real good as far as I can tell . t_con I don't know . Uh-huh .
Is that on what chan- I don't even know to tell you the truth t_laugh  . Yeah . It is written .
how far do you go walking ? Well I'm trying to get my tolerance now Okay t_con one day I do the aerobics .
t_con in each of the dorms you have a place for that ? Uh-huh . t_con you know we recycle old aluminum cans and all that kind of stuff . t_con they recycle glass
Has been your voting experience ? My voting experience ? that's the first time I've ever done that . t_con although I did go down and register and I -
Don't you think that maybe that's why we had it this time ? I do think that i- been too long in coming i- frustrates him because of the support that they have and the support that the Vietnam vets did not have from the people or the administration either one . # t_con # my husband is a Vietnam veteran
t_con do you all like mail out stuff ? That is pretty much it . Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it Well how do you all communicate ? Like to plan it and every thing .
Used to be a Trekie huh t_laugh  ? pretty much yeah . I used to be a real big fan of STAR TREK . Yeah
t_con why did you move up to Colorado ? Seemed like the thing to do at the time . Yeah . Are you ?
I don't know if you're a ta- person listener . Do you listen to radio talk shows ? that's need to do that . I'll give you a hint . Yeah
Do we ? t_empty We might . What hockey ?
are you in Dallas ? No What time is it over th- # Yeah . #
Well how old are you ? I'm twenty-eight . Uh-huh . it's hard to say because I think people were busy ten twenty t_laugh years ago too .
You know about August then . Yes I've been here long en- pretty long . okay .
Are you out - In Richardson . where do you live ? Six seven and eight .
t_con you stopped them all . t_con yeah Uh-huh . I u- to take MCCALL'S and GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and several magazines like that a few years ago at home .
is it a PAC ten school you know . Yeah . yeah Yeah .
Well do you think that people subscribe to magazines as much as they used to ? I don't know t_con I figured it wasn't something I needed at this point in time . the HOUSEKEEPING magazines I do like because they have nice recipes in them and ideas but lately they've just been piling up on me
t_con I don't know if you can afford the insurance Well luckily he drives a big old tank t_laugh  . That's gre- in one respect Yeah .
is this the first year they have been up ? Yeah . t_con I just cut the leaves off and transplant and put some other plants down . Because I want them to come back up next year . They are just pretty .
I take it she was an accountant . t_empty you know accumulating receipts . Uh-huh .
Have you gone straight through ? Yes I'm hoping I'm hoping . Yes
Did that seem to t_empty I know that Texas's last gubernatorial election probably brought out a lot of voters . -- just across the street .
are they playing Detroit ? t_pause I think Boston's playing Detroit Well I understand that busy doing their endorsements and stuff to concentrate on the game .
I bet the black one's pretty . Yeah t_con the male is black . the female's red
-- now what is your child's favorite place to eat ? favorite place Saves you a little bit money . That's right .
What have you done ?  . Killing lots of fire ants . Really ? Thr-
t_con you live in Garland then . Yes do you ? I live very near to the Firewheel Golf Course .
The black bear . # Yeah . # they don't have them up there do they ? Uh-huh .
t_con in the rivers and stuff ? Yeah Yeah Mostly trout in the mountains .
You know you know whom I'm talking about ? Yes . Uh-huh . t_con Michael Crawford was in PHANTOM OF THE OPERA on Broadway .
Have you been involved on the Switchboard long ? not very long . Uh-huh t_pause  . They were real just books for fun .
Harrison Ford and how does the story line go ? It's a prosecuting attorney Harrison Ford . -- if I have rented that one .
that is destroying the ozone isn't it ? Again I hear Yeah # has # been a real problem .
so Jack what type of music do you like ? t_empty t_empty t_empty
t_laugh What do you like to do when you go camping ? well let's see . I just like to go Yeah t_con you got a lot of that in huh ?
What do you like to read ? well I'm a counselor by trade Uh-huh . t_con I have always loved reading .
Any handicrafts ? Excuse me . I enjoy playing basketball and basically all kinds of sports . I guess I more not so much a hobby but things I enjoy doing .
Do they have anything like that in Dallas . In Dallas Now a friend of mine who was studying social work here in Philadelphia worked for an adult day care program for mostly for patient's with Alzheimer . Yes .
Is that right ? Yeah . when I read it I should have realized that because it had Foster's style written all over it t_laugh  . Is that right ?
I'm not just going to - Give them your ti- entire life for two years no . I will be compensated for this are you suggesting then that if I have to go and do something for the country for two years that the country will compensate me in some way .
So what are your opinions on it ? Well let me preface it . Okay . t_empty
What next ? I know I know t_laugh  . we didn't have to t_laugh worry about that before .
Which Church is it ? The Christ United Methodist Church in Plano  . Uh-huh . t_con I am always making music of one kind or another .
what was it seventy-four when we had the last oil crisis ? t_con we started getting smart t_laugh no no
# Do you # think that it's just medical guys ? What about you know you know how expensive new equipment and technology is . I think the medical profession is just pushing until there's no option but the government take it over # I think they're asking for it .
you ever seen the starter bread I can't remember what it's called we always that bread that was - Uh-huh
boy he's a big one . Yeah Oh Australian shepherd .
What was the last one ? I'm trying to think . It just was not enough to it . I didn't care too much for the last one either .
You know how they came up with the retriever don't you the Golden ? Huh-uh . You bet you . You bet you .
What kind of is the mini van ? It's a Mazda . Haven't had any problems since . Uh-huh .
Do you want to go first ? You can go first Okay . t_empty
What the walk ? The home improvements . You all did it yourselves ? t_con we're going to brick up the garage to match the house and things like that
What degree are you wanting to do after you get out of college ? Well I doing computer science excuse me ? What are you learning to be ?
You know why do you do this to yourself ? Why do you do this ? t_laugh I know . t_con I'm embarrassed for the people that are even involved in the show .
Can you imagine if someone started bombing your neighborhood # Yeah . # these people are middle class people just like us . I feel really sorry for these people
how many times have you heard of judges being bought over . I know . t_con hey Not only you know that they have to stay in there
what's the America's role there with other things going on it seems to have lessened the idea of - Right .
Where do you take them ? Well there's a couple places . We've got all these boxes in our garage for you know green glass and clear glass and plastic and everything . t_con we collect everything  .
What are they ? have these you have pets I understand a couple of them . All right
Up there maybe you guys don't have as big a problem with air pollution as many do you ? We have a terrible air pollution problem . t_empty t_empty
Well is that good ? Yes you know . that's right .
do you like how it's presented on the news ? no t_con occasionally I'll read the paper . I either watch the news
How about you ? Yes . You know . Yeah .
Does he really ? Well actually it's probably closer to Fort Worth He lives in the Dallas area now as a matter of fact . It wasn't nearly as much fun when Bradshaw was playing for you guys I'll tell you .
Does that happen in your part of the country ? Yes . Uh-huh . I find it very annoying when I've worked all day to come in and my phone to ring constantly the solicitors and the carpet cleaning companies and -
t_con when you serve the meal what type of wine would you have with seafood ? all these hard questions t_laugh  . Okay . yeah .
t_con do you go out ? Both . Do you do sports t_con how about like on the weekends .
You know what's the significance of the apes you know # t_laugh  . # # Yeah # You know a lot # of that stuff that was going on in the film you co- what is this ? Yeah . #
You did ? Have you heard stuff about him lately t_con I liked him . t_con I remember Carter
What do you from ? I'm from Texas . So I don't know . that's right .
Do you take her to a lot of comedy movies Yeah no . no
So you don't have a lot of tree coverage ? slope . We're kind of out of the natural tree area . we're in a relatively new area .
Did you framed it in f- t_con was it stuff that was already # enclosed ? # t_con it's just what I have to do more or less around the house you know for my parents t_con I vast experience of home owner's knowledge is not very much .
do we have to speak for a certain amount of time ? No It's not too bad . Right .
t_con y'all you haven't had any jobs painted in your house or recently  . No absolutely  . Yeah
do you know how did your budget work t_con did you have a budget to get your down payment going to get a house ? we are in the process of trying to buy a house Yeah .
Like an attachment No It's something that goes with it ? t_con the Serger is not a sewing machine itself .
Well how did they feel about the United States interven- with Patriot missiles I'm sure this is the one time that the Israelis are really happy to have their big brothers the Americans I don't know if that contributes to the problem . # So # they're really quite arrogant about it .
Is that what happened or ? - t_empty t_con did Ryder get out of the business ? Well you did .
What is that tracing the flights and things ? Right Yeah . Which was different t_laugh  .
What's the last movie you saw ? GHOST . Good . it was actually better than the first one I thought .
# You kind of wonder what really happened . Yeah . # Yeah . was kind of a surprise #
Cambodia ? Yeah . It spilled over into now I can't even think of the country . they didn't regain any of the land that they had .
Do you know what my concern is ? How will I dust this thing ? what my concern was was it really sure and how they would last . in a room
otherwise you wouldn't be able to go very far No Yeah t_con t_laugh I try to keep up in the winter with the exercise bike so I you know can be in shape  .
Do you work ? Yes . It kind of hard to find time sometimes I do too .
I don't know if you have ever heard of it ? No There's a thing called Pfeiffer Rim . t_con we're hoping to do like a three day weekend .
Do you ? Yeah huh-uh . No
Well what changes would you have you considered in doing it to your company that might benefit the employees or perhaps the company itself better ? Well we considering instead of tying a profit sharing plan to a salary is tie a percentage of business that a person would participate and bring into the company . t_con they like to have enough to be comfortable . none of them really want to be rich
Can you hear me ? Now I can again . be on the line . <
Well how did you do ? I won a dollar t_laugh  . There were just bus loads of people that come from everywhere else to play that bingo because it's the stakes are higher and payoffs are bigger and so forth . Although I didn't see very many Indian people in there t_laugh  .
Do you have any other kind of music that you like ? I like to listen to all different kinds of music . Uh-huh . just for practicing and so on .
Some of them is BLACK ADDER or GOOD NEIGHBORS or YES PRIME MINISTER and ARE YOU BEING SERVED ? t_empty t_con there's a variety . -- that we've really liked
Than the intensive eye ? Yeah . I need more . I need something
I bet it tastes good too . Right . You look like you went to a whole bunch - t_laugh Yeah
Never saw the bass ? No . t_con they went fishing and caught a bass near some place and put it in there and never saw it again t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
What kind of a car do you have now ? Right now I have a eighty-seven Cavalier . t_con probably a economic size car or - t_con we have a truck
You know what I'm saying ? Yeah . t_con I think that's where he's stuck . t_con I think he had to pull in the reins the only way he knew how in order to keep the peace on both sides .
What is your community currently doing with regard to recycling ? basically they're just having various recycling bins located for trash pickup . Okay . t_empty
Well have you seen a new movie lately ? Well I am a student t_empty t_empty
What do you feel that your kids are getting in the parochial schools that they wouldn't get in a public school system ? Well one hundred percent of the customers care . Uh-huh . t_con my kids go to parochial school .
How old is he ? He's eleven . I like it a lot . I like it
When did you first come to Texas ?  . it's been I've been here for nine years . Although I wi- I wish you know overall they'd try the lottery again . Uh-huh .
do you vote regular ?  . Yeah Okay t_empty
t_con it's got a lot of o- and light also ? No t_con have a big sun room on the back of it . -- call it .
Do you have lot of or anything like that ? The whole lot I'm sitting on is roughly half an acre . What about yard space ? So I think you can end up doing more with them it seems like .
then so like your pay what kind of a percentage do you basically keep out that you think that you know will cover all of the expenses kind of thing ? t_empty Okay t_con it makes those surprises not so difficult to get through .
wh- what about the argument where somebody who is committing one capital crime chooses to commit a more serious capital crime ? murder because that one at least you might escape from because his victim you know his witnesses will be gone  . No You kind of hate to -
do you live what state are you in ? t_con we will probably be going up at Thanksgiving this year I've already ordered from that one
Figures  . What like those magazines you get through the mail ? Yeah . I would read all those kinds of things . I am again a fix it person .
Are you a player ? I think I am . t_empty t_empty
t_con have you always lived here in Dallas No Uh-huh . The reason that I ask is the two conversations I've had have been out of state .
t_con why would that be ? I don't know I - if I had the money I think I would love to own a a B M W . not t_laugh -
t_laugh You didn't get a big kick out of killing them like some people do ? No Put them back t_laugh  . What'd you do with them ?
t_con do you brush it on ? I brush it on Do you ever spray your projects with the base coat first t_con I really enjoy doing that .
Do you get hit up for local taxes there ? Yeah I think that we're all paying a little bit too much taxes and not seeing too much good come out of it . I would tend to agree very highly .
So we're talking about drug testing in the work place Drug testing in the work place . pretty good . pretty good
have you seen that ? Oh yeah I want to see WAR OF THE ROSES too I'd like to see that .
Hotter than usual ? Yeah We've had real hot weather . Uh-huh .
t_con all we had to sit here and ask is well what aren't they telling us you know . t_con that was pretty scary . -- could tell us . Right .
t_con you actually have your number t_con are they just calling a number that happens to be yours ? Uh-huh . Despite the fact that your number is unlisted ?
I forgot to ask you did the iguana catch flies for you ? Did what ? t_con he'd pick up his dish again and throw it in the air until we came out and gave him some water . And then bark and march around you know
do you work for T I in any way ? No Yeah Well I figured with Texas Instruments they'd probably have a few Texans on the line now and then .
t_con - two years . Are you newly married Really .
if you could legislate something what would you legislate ? I really don't know . I just get aggravated about it . I'm not speaking out that's for sure .
what kind of things do you like to do in your spare time ? Well I have two children t_empty t_empty
How about yourself ? Do you have any kids ? t_con we're getting bonds and hopefully finances set aside so that they can choose a college that they want to . t_con we're saving right now
wouldn't it . Yeah -- it would have been hard t_con I don't know
Now have you thought about this ? That wherever you buy your paint you need to make sure that that store's not likely to go out of business . Yeah Just the opposite of what everybody's working towards now . yeah .
You think the benefit would be greater than the - Yeah t_con it does you know - -- you know
when did it - when did it happen ? not how No
Have you done the big pot cooking ? well it was really my ex who did the cooking back when we first started Ha- what kinds of things have you tried ? It isn't .
you ready ? Yeah Okay t_empty
What type of exercise do you do ? t_empty You do ? t_con I do exercise on a regular basis .
Do you see anything wrong with that ? No there's nothing wrong with that . I don't see anything wrong with this five day waiting period if the waiting period is utilized to really look at the background of the person purchasing the weapon .
What do you think about capital punishment ? Well I'm kind of in favor of it for certain crimes . t_empty t_empty
do you all just sort of chip in and help out with stuff when you are there ? yes . is there someone - it is kind of hard to get ev- organized .
What color are they ? the female's red they'll just come jump on your lap and want to be their bellies rubbed and everything you think they're lapdogs . You know
Do you know how to spell it ? it starts with a K . It should be . I think so .
Well do you play any musical instruments or anything . I played the accordion for seven years -- Okay . I have .
Do you have cable T V ? No Uh-huh . t_con you know we usually will used to rent two or three movies on a weekend and try to watch .
Do you work ? No I guess Yeah
Have you ever done anything at all ? Yeah What sort of programs other than say running ? - t_con it creates a problem you know when you're on the road .
t_con what field of study are you in ? it's actually in computer science -- Uh-huh . -- Bachelor's degree ?
only five ? Yeah . yeah . Yeah t_laugh
did you get to watch it ? No t_con they had a big win today . Lot easier than it was a couple years ago
t_con I guess that's all I have to do right t_laugh  . t_laugh I guess so . I've never done it before All right .
Um so what do you think ? Um - t_empty t_empty
How about you ? I have four girls -- that's good . I have two a seven year old and three and a half year old .
Does your dad have horses there ? no I am sorry ? t_con do you have horses or anything at your dad's farm ?
What do you do Jeff ? I in program control for a company up here . that's good . -- yeah
Let's see what else do you do to your house ? Well I've done some rewiring on it . t_con it won't make you sick . t_con you have to really wash your vegetables after that
where are you ? I'm in Garland . I'm in Austin Yes
How's that ? Okay I tell you what I'll start off . Yeah .
Are you finding that since you're doing substitute that you're wanting to do full-time ? I have a friend that's a teacher that one of her complaints is she can't teach because she's so busy filling out all the forms . t_laugh Correct . t_con I think that it's appropriate to teach them you know why they are learning this not just because the teacher says you have to learn this .
It's not ending is it t_laugh  ? You think we've talked a long enough time ? t_con when you get through with your own you've got grandchildren It lasts a long time .
t_laugh That was a dead giveaway huh ? Well we're Catholics . That's what the Utah and the large family . Yeah .
t_con you guys are well aware of the problems with the Japanese markets and everything else . Right That's right yes . I guess you work for T I .
Where are you ? okay . I am in Plano . Where are you Bob ?
Have you been cross-stitching long ? several years . t_laugh Uh-huh . t_con there's just no time .
Well do you ever use the A T M machines ? No Uh-huh . t_con I don't charge anything that I can't payoff at the end of the month .
I don't know if you've heard of her . Huh-uh . t_con I bought a Martha Stewart learning about that
is that how you heard about this thing ? t_laugh  . # Yeah # -- here . Oh .
Did you just move down here ? we moved here a year ago  . I am gardening this year . I do not know what it is .
What's # the new criteria do you have the standardized testing now ? # I know . t_con I thought well how mature do you have to be # t_laugh  . #
what do you do with your credit cards ? Oh t_laugh  . Hi t_empty
What have you seen recently that you enjoyed ? I don't know t_con I see most all of mine there . Well I have a V C R
t_con do we extend it beyond that ? Uh-huh do we say that every one who commits murder in the first degree is liable for capital punishment if that's what the jury decides is an appropriate punishment for their crime Right .
Do you like Ken  ? Trying to think . a little bit . Yeah
What part of California are you from ? from Los Angeles t_pause Yeah . t_con they do .
You're still trying to dry out ? It's no problem here . We used to live up in Seattle for a couple of years . Well we just moved down here .
W- have you been in it long ? We've been in it six years . Well that's great . t_con we had to hire of course the plumbing and the brick and everything else nothing you know
t_con is it something that is a little bit different from that ? Well it's similar to that the A P news wire -- so I can read a certain business or topics .
th- dog is Joey ? Uh-huh Joey I have a cat and a dog named Joey .
Well what would be your advice to a parent of a child thinking of attending college ? man . I think your advice is good . yeah . Right
you don't think you will t_laugh  ? t_empty t_con I'm not going to put a skirt on just for him t_laugh  . Because that's I believe -
you say your to school ? Uh-huh Yeah t_con I feel like I don't know when I have children I want to be able to spend a lot of time with them .
Did you take this same route with your other two children ? they were outside my marriage # tall for a # six year old # Uh-huh . #
Do you manage the money ? Well I talk about it what i- your practice as far as budgeting ? t_empty
Where about ? Detroit t_laugh Well I am from Michigan . I could have used that recipe
B I R D ? Right . Uh-huh . Bird ?
How about investing in the sun . Well nobody wants to pay twenty-five cents a kilowatt hour I don't think . right . yeah
t_con why do we let this happen . that's interesting . -- like you say very annoying -- valuable
t_con I wonder if they're I agree with you that they'll always be somewhat of a threat given that they have that -- who's our biggest threat Right .
What do you have now ? I've got a Dodge Daytona . or even a Volvo . Uh-huh .
You may be familiar with cooperative learning . # Have you ever # - Uh-huh . At any rate the topic is fascinating because one of the things I've done for the past few years is research the problem from the point of view of what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically .
you haven't seen any of them . t_laugh No . t_con I haven't seen any of the movies yet t_con they're you know already out with number six by now
t_con I'm wondering how many women actually major in engineering . Act- you know I say that okay . t_con that's where the high pay is .
other than Dallas would you say that you have a favorite quarterback . the quarterback's seem to get most of the attention you know . would you say that you have a fav- - Yeah .
How does that sound ? t_laugh  . Jeez maybe some rolls and I guess some some rice or something like that . t_con let's see what else .
Is that right ? Yes . that's what ours is t_laugh  . she's a mix of Cockapoo Spaniel and Poodle .
Do any of your in your group get paid for any of this ? well the conductor gets paid a little bit you know That's probably why we get so many people . Uh-huh .
one thing that I like like swimming you like that a lot ? Uh-huh Really t_laugh  . I said who has engineered that ? t_laugh  .
# Well how do you think # that would work in grammar schools in some sense what I would do before I would extend a school year is I would make it better . Before I would continue the agony Yeah . or the Germans .
do you ever you know just vacation someplace where you strictly backpack ? yeah you said you did it in the High Sierras . Sometimes I think that might not be a bad idea t_laugh  .
It's hysterical isn't it ? t_empty t_con we try not to miss that . we never miss that
t_con do you think it can if it's done right ? I think Anyway well the question is you know do you think i- does make a difference in whether or not a criminal commits a crime I don't remember myself .
The penalty phase they've decide the penalty separately from the verdict . after he had to go - t_con of course then they had to go back to dec- you know -
Would that have been too much of a price to pay for that ? I don't know . What if we would have lost thousands of young men . t_con what if that wasn't the case .
t_con your name was Lisa . Lisa . Okay yeah .
Hopefully you're a basketball fan . Yeah Excuse me . Hopefully you're a basketball fan .
well how do you think the Royals are going to do ? I think the Royals will do okay . Yeah you got to be able to get the two and three run home runs you know to be able to score enough runs to be able to win in these day and age
Where did you live ? A little town called Tuckaho over by White Plains . are you ? I'm a New Yorker myself .
Are you in Dallas also ? No yeah . I'm in Dallas .
You ever heard of that ? Huh-uh . Huh . some things they do w- w- one of them is they're using corn in fuel .
# Have # you done anything like that ? Anything political ? Uh-huh . I've got a lot of things to keep me busy .
were you here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son . His son pitched for U T t_con I don't know he's been a legend for so many years you know
Now why would you go to a seafood restaurant t_laugh to eat chicken ? it was t_con it was exce- - It was a marinated broiled chicken breast
After your masters or after your - After my masters . Uh-huh . So cause this was the first real job after getting my degree .
Increases each year doesn't it ? I'm sorry ? You know . Right .
have you grown up in Dallas Stephanie ? no Okay t_empty
# So # what kind do you get ? t_empty Oh . t_con he just sent away to get some woodworking books .
t_con why can't they check to see if the person who is applying for this gun has had a record or not . That to me would not be an unreasonable thing . understand about the privacy act t_con everything t_con when you were speaking about how they can check up you know on credit cards
# do you do any kind of painting or anything ? No # Uh-huh . t_con I haven't made it # yet . #
Are you in a ho- apartment or a home ? I'm in an apartment in Plano . a yard and fence . How about you guys ?
In terms of the personal . - Yeah . They just felt that the way America backed them up was not at all right . Uh-huh .
t_con how do you feel about that ? I don't mind my taxes as much as my social security . -- t_con Do you think you pay too much there Uh-huh .
did you find that people appreciated having the privilege of being - It's like anywhere else . what was it like living there Yeah .
What do you think about gun control ? Well sort of mixed feelings about it I guess Hi . t_empty
t_con have you ever tried the Macaroni Grill up on - Yes Uh-huh . t_con that's probably
Well how do you use your credit card ? do you just keep it in reserve Oh . I was pulling your leg .
Now how long does it take for your contribution to vest ? God I don't know . It's not bad . that's a pretty good deal .
Are they little ? I have a seven year old and a ten year old . Right . well Tuesday nights I guess we try to catch a couple of the shows that the kids like .
Now would cook it for the same amount of time as you would prepare it any other time ? Right . Oh . Uh-huh .
Have you ever been to Marlin ? yeah . -- hospitals homes something like that . Okay .
Do you go to the game ? Yes we do . You know . Yes
Is it like shrimp ? it's similar . Really ? t_con more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is .
you have heard about Dallas t_con th- crime here is pretty bad t_laugh  . How big a city is Rome ? Well I do not know .
Are you living with a bunch of people that you're sharing expenses ? no . Are you married ? I see .
What do you see changing in the future ? I think that we're probably going to see a lot more companies run by females . Uh-huh . -- that's usually how it's happened
what are you referring to yourself Yeah Well now you say two different parts of the country t_con there are some very different views of the people connected with the program which I thought was really interesting you know .
Where do you go for steaks ? It's usually when we're out of town -- A nice meal - Where do you go if you like to have a nice meal out or a big meal ?
Is that what it's there too ? Yeah . # yeah . # t_con it's all related to drugs it # seems like . #
# Plain ? Plain yogurt ? # t_con I put a little yogurt in it too . Oh .
You don't ? No we don't . No
you know whether you thought it was more of a biased or whatever t_con I guess you wouldn't . I would be curious to know what you thought as to how like say C N N T V news compared to the three networks . I just wonde- I guess .
Because of the ice ? t_con it didn't make the nat- news too much which I find really weird -- Golly . t_con we were actually in a state of emergency for two weeks .
What are your favorite places ? well I like Chinese food . Yeah . We do the same .
What about yourself ? I have the same dilemma I think . I don't know . Now you know somebody a
Are you part of the school system out there ? I am as a matter of fact . t_con if I am it's always fun to talk . t_con sometimes I'm not
Do you watch a lot of T V to get the news then ? I don't watch a lot of it I just catch the major ones off the news or if someone starts to talk about it . I kind of miss out on most of the current events .
So what languages do you speak besides English of course ? Well I have a smattering of about ten different ones true enough . True
you like the motels ? We like the motels t_con now we like things like the Regency Hyatt t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
t_con are you working your way through college ? well I go home in the summer there's just no one around . we come up here in the summer
Was I supposed to do something ? No . Okay t_laugh  . t_empty
t_laugh You watch T V or something while you do it ? I read a book while I'm doing it . it's just as boring . No
t_con yet how did I turn out the way I did turn out . # Yeah t_con he was . when he saw where I you know saw my later teenage years he was just I hate to say aghast because that sounds so trite
What do you mean fifty-five ? You mean fifty-five dollars ? no t_con no
Who do you think ? t_laugh The Dallas Cowboys . So who's your favorite team ? Okay .
well if they went AWOL what are you going to do . Yeah . Yeah t_con I don't know how they'd enforce it
Well what do you think's going to happen in the next generation ? You think it'll continue ? Yeah . -- difficult on them .
t_con so you like food t_con I just love the community of food . Right Sounds wonderful .
Do you work for Texas Instruments then ? No Uh-huh you are ?
so obviously you're into education . Yeah . t_laugh  . so you can tell that I really didn't have that much to do with any of it .
Do you repair your own car ? I try to whenever I can . Yes . is it Mike ?
t_con are you in terms of other things like not running but playing a little bit of tennis or can you not do stuff like that at all ? well I haven't tried that . that makes sense . I can't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt .
who do you work for ? I don't work . You're not a T I - I'm not t_laugh  .
# have you # seen had any of those ? No # That's good . # I saw them .
the SWEATING TO THE OLDIES ? Sweating with the oldies I can't even think of the name of it right offhand with the oldies . -- what is it
So do you have P C -s ? I have a personal computer at home . t_empty t_empty
What about the judge who's hearing the case ? Is he going to be impartial ? Yeah . t_con that's interesting .
You know - Same thing . exactly . Right
t_con do you # have to sort that ? # # t_con they will do the alum- # - Uh-huh . Uh-huh .
Have you faced elderly care yet nursing home care for any of your parents ? Unfortunately yes . Okay . t_empty
# Where at ? # # sometime is # Colorado . I haven't . No
Well what about the issue of air conditioning . Isn't that a s- an area of concern in the cost of air conditioning ? t_con we might as well use them . right
Are play the piano t_con you just like it ? I like that . Uh-huh .
# Where have you been ? # Let's see Uh-huh . well I've been over there too .
Did you see HOME ALONE ? t_laugh  . Yes I was home alone . I rented that one night by myself .
on likewise then did you see PRETTY WOMAN ? yes . Well okay uh-huh .
Well what are your hobbies ? Well actually my hobbies now are T shirt making . t_empty t_empty
t_con Have you seen that ? I haven't seen that yet . -- t_con it's been out for a couple of years Uh-huh .
t_con do you know in Virginia whether it is smaller juries I do not know exactly what the size of the juries . Do you think that should be changed ? t_con how do you feel about the jury system itself ?
You feel it don't you ? Uh-huh . Although lately I have noticed you know even if I gain like two pounds I start feeling it Uh-huh .
Do you want to go ahead ? Sure . taxes t_laugh  . t_empty
Is mowing the lawn a new exercise t_laugh  ? Yeah t_con my outside activities have been curtailed a lot . t_con I was just recently got married and bought a house
are there tornadoes in Colorado yes or n- I don't - it's getting to be more and more of a possibility . t_con things like torn- - Yeah
t_con what movies have you seen lately ? Well I saw SOAP DISH . t_empty t_empty
What world war do you think they found the experience for that ? t_empty t_con they had to fill in little bridges all the way where he had made those moats . Uh-huh .
Like t_con you're in the marching band and stuff in high school . I was Uh-huh . t_con I played that all through high school .
You go where ? you go to visit them ? Yeah . In Durant Oklahoma ?
You interested in woodworking ? Yeah . t_empty t_empty
t_con you got a lot of that in huh ? Yeah All right . That's probably where I first started was in Girl Scouts .
it would seem like it would be the same way in the California coastline wouldn't it ? gosh I think I would hate to live in California the smog there . t_con no Uh-huh .
Lynn do you want to start ? Certainly . t_empty t_empty
Well you should have a lot of information on a budget then if you're - I wish I did . Well what about our financial budget . T I doesn't quite always do it right .
you married ? No Do you have any - t_laugh Well we can talk about something else .
what would you do to change it ? To make it better ? the appeal procedure is the only thing I can possibly think of . t_con I don't know . Uh-huh .
do you watch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE ? What ? t_con so do I he's got curly hair
Well can you get the L A paper up there ? That's a pretty decent paper isn't it # Yeah . # They're just horrid --
What are your city have for gun control if anything ? we just voted in gun control here in the state of Maryland . that are some important points . Yeah
which do I like better I think I like the t_laugh Porsche's philosophy a little bit better although it's not really practical . I don't know -- t_con it's like completely opposed .
would you like me to go first ? Sure . okay . t_con I'm in Garland t_laugh  .
t_con that's maybe what you were talking about . Men breaking in to houses and taking or a man - t_con it started kind of happening a couple of places in South Dallas there were several of them in North Dallas
My view is look what did you ever do to me . Yeah I'll never understand it . Yeah .
What can we do to rectify this situation t_con that God would move in that sovereignly You know t_con therefore when we have an enemy come against us I really feel like that t_con not only don't kill them bless them .
Do you do a lot of it ? Uh-huh . t_con right now my passion is tole painting t_laugh  . I would like to learn that someday
do you go to listen to much live music ? Pardon me ? Uh-huh . I like the low instruments better too .
Are you at T I Austin Well I left T I in January Okay . Get us going .
Is that right ? Yeah Well it's fraught with other problems t_laugh  . That's a great position to be in .
t_con you've received a lot of flack ? They don't even check my Social Security number . t_con without even bothering to try to match up any other information at all they just report everything under that name . t_con they find several .
Ha- what kinds of things have you tried ? Have you done the big pot cooking ? It isn't . isn't it .
Where do you live ? in the Houston area . t_empty t_empty
whose in that ? It looks pretty suspenseful . Yeah KISS BEFORE DYING .
Can they convey the data verbally or in writing . t_con that's what's you know really scary to me . t_con you know they can get a grasp the points . Uh-huh .
You know ? - Well we never had too much of that -- Uh-huh . t_con I think though that we need to have some liquid around that you don't have to go through the company to get t_laugh  .
So are you a golfer t_con are you a spectator ? Okay . Push my number .
Have you ever been down here ? no -- yeah . Uh-huh .
Was it like a primer ? Yeah . t_con because of the b- dark behind it it was really hard to cover t_con it supposedly textured it or did something to it
t_laugh How about yourself ? t_empty that's too bad t_laugh  . Really
is there anything - They cause more noise pollution than air pollution t_laugh  . Well that's interesting . Off and on
t_con like what were you replacing the starters and bendix on ? a Maverick and also a Chrysler station wagon before that . Yeah . quad not really easy to get rebuilt just right .
You ever serve that yourself when you have company ? no Excuse me ? You serve that yourself or the a family ?
What if we would have lost thousands of young men . Would that have been too much of a price to pay for that ? t_con what if that wasn't the case . t_con that wonderful
t_con Are you originally from Michigan yes . That is where my mother-in-law still lives Uh-huh .
Is it this weekend ? I don't know . That's coming up here pretty soon . when they rollback an hour .
these things won't make any sense to you probably # Uh-huh . # t_con the guy said that the computer would fit our needs . we told them about the stuff
How bad is it ? Do you have smog like they do in California ? we do have pollution in Houston well yes
Did you . t_con I had them do all four wheels . -- t_con I think at about sixty thousand miles I finally had it lined up . Uh-huh .
is that right ? -- Morton Thiakol . I happen to live not too far away from - Uh-huh .
Like a week at a time or just weekends ? I think the longest we've stayed out there is like five days . Do you go on long ? - Yeah .
Now do your other grandchildren live in Dal- the Dallas area ? Yes that's nice . Yeah .
So how long did you play ? Only for about three months . t_laugh  . t_laugh  .
Well does your company have good benefits in that regard ? Yeah Uh-huh . -- as far as covering medical costs for yourself or family members .
Well do you believe only fifty percent of the people actually vote ? I think it's somewhere really close to that cause I think a lot of people believe that their one little vote is not going to make that much difference . Okay . Okay .
did you have anything else ? No -- # in their # attitudes t_pause  . # Yes . #
How big is the family you cook for ? five . Yeah . It gets kind of boring .
Is that right ? Yeah . it makes a much nicer cat if they're outside . t_con he did go out sometimes
Do you go to school ? Uh-huh . t_con you have not been to Europe . Anyway t_con we're supposed to be talking about places to go
Have you ever been to Biffin's ? t_empty -- Uh-huh . The specials .
What kind -- - t_empty Uh-huh . -- t_con I make the clothes for them .
how do you feel about it ? Well they do have a major internal problem t_laugh  .  . I think they are more of a threat to their own people at this day and time . this topic is is Russia a threat to our security ?
what brand of car are you thinking about buying t_con like what things are you looking at ? What kind of - to own them  .
where you at ? I'm in Rome New York . I meant living in Texas Okay
How about you guys ? t_empty my goodness . t_con we have a cat which is I guess about five years old .
t_laugh well what kind of paint did you use for the bookends ? Well it's half the problem right there is that it wasn't a oil base t_con that wasn't as easy as painting the apartment t_laugh  . t_con I decided to paint them
t_con they weren't ? I don't know if they do it till yet . Well you'd think so # I would think # there would be .
that's about Lookout there I think isn't it . Right There is a Mobil and all that kind of s- on that one corner I know where you mean .
They're both females ? t_empty Uh-huh . t_con the other one is named Holly .
See these are refujees you mean ? t_empty t_con these are not the brightest . What do you think about that ?
Well why would that be ? I guess it's a General Motors product I guess that's kind of everybody's dream t_laugh  . Well I guess Cadillac .
If you're having a dinner party what would you serve ? Okay Okay . Yeah .
Is that right ? He kind of has free run of the place t_con there is some- takes care of him . Permanent t_laugh  . Uh-huh .
from what you've seen is that the desirable way to do it ? See I don't know because I've never seen it in action . Is that - Like I think going two six weeks t_con having two two weeks off each after a two six weeks period is one way .
are there kids that are there too or mostly adults ? Yeah . It sounds nice . Yeah .
Well I was going to ask if you planned to paint over it or try to strip it . No I'm wondering if my bigger problem is getting the wallpaper taken down first . Because I think - Uh-huh .
is that right ? t_con what do you think we've gained from the spaceflights ? t_con I wasn't sure how credible he was . t_con I don't think he was truthful in a lot of what he did in TEXAS
Where are you from ? just here in Dallas . Okay . t_empty
how many miles on it ? It's has a hundred and fifty-three thousand . incredible -- and it runs great .
what do you think individuals could do or society could do to alleviate this problem . t_empty Yeah . It would be a shame to ruin it .
I take it you haven't spent any time in the military ? No Uh-huh . They drink that much fuel .
How old is it ? She'll be sixteen in May . by smell . t_con she's got a great appetite
What kind of a degree have you got ? I've got a Bachelor's in electrical engineering -- which kind of surprised me . Uh-huh .
How old are they ? One is thirteen and one is eleven . Uh-huh . t_con I get to go to at least four or five concerts a year t_laugh  .
Well both times ? Uh-huh Uh-huh . You took them to someone's home ?
Why did you not press one ? # You know Karen I wonder if # we are recording . Maybe it is now that we have # minorities included in the #  . . . -
Do you have a family ? Yeah t_con I used to really like the looks of the M P V because it looks more like a mini van rather than I think - is what it something like that
What branch were you in ? -- probably the biggest . - I was military at the time  . t_con that was a it was
did you hap- -- - Yeah this last time it was about this movie director -- it was -
